{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red220\green215\blue196;\red5\green7\blue10;\red207\green150\blue18;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c89020\c87059\c81176;\cssrgb\c1569\c2353\c3529;\cssrgb\c85098\c64706\c7843\c10196;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29880\viewh20180\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup version 0.32-a0-1028-gf613fa27ca (webtiles) character file.\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Game seed: 8009594042757887755\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 1525426 particleface the Slayer (level 27, 217/217 HPs)\cb1 \
\cb3              Began as a Coglin Conjurer on Apr 25, 2024.\cb1 \
\cb3              Was the Champion of Ashenzari.\cb1 \
\cb3              Escaped with the Orb\cb1 \
\cb3              ... and 3 runes on Apr 27, 2024!\cb1 \
\cb3              \cb1 \
\cb3              The game lasted 04:43:18 (83034 turns).\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 particleface the Slayer (Coglin Conjurer)          Turns: 83034, Time: 04:43:19\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Health: 217/217    AC: 33    Str: 14    XL:     27\cb1 \
\cb3 Magic:  35/42      EV: 16    Int: 31    God:    Ashenzari [******]\cb1 \
\cb3 Gold:   3646       SH:  5    Dex: 10    Spells: 3/56 levels left\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 rFire   + . .        a - +9 demon whip "I Knew You'd Do That" \{venom, Ruka, Bglg, Elem\} (curse)\cb1 \
\cb3 rCold   + + .        j - +0 buckler of the Cryptic Comet \{rF+ rC+ Str+5, Melee, Fort\} (curse)\cb1 \
\cb3 rNeg    . . .        g - +9 ring mail of Ashenzari's Idealism \{Regen+ Slay+4 SInv, Comp, Cun\} (curse)\cb1 \
\cb3 rPois   +            z - +2 helmet of Ashenzari's Repose \{Elem, Self\} (curse)\cb1 \
\cb3 rElec   +            L - +2 cloak "Behold Eternity" \{rPois, Elem, Fort\} (curse)\cb1 \
\cb3 rCorr   .            I - +2 pair of gloves of the Fated Limitation \{Elem, Cun\} (curse)\cb1 \
\cb3 SInv    +            m - +2 pair of boots "Chained Together" \{Sorc, Cun\} (curse)\cb1 \
\cb3 Will    ++...        (amulet unavailable)\cb1 \
\cb3 Stlth   +            (ring unavailable)\cb1 \
\cb3 HPRegen 2.16/turn    (ring unavailable)\cb1 \
\cb3 MPRegen 0.68/turn    V - bismuth supermodule \{rElec rC+ Regen+ RegenMP+\}\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 %: clarity\cb1 \
\cb3 @: no status effects\cb1 \
\cb3 A: off-hand wielding, slow wielding, warmup strikes, no jewellery, clumsy 1,\cb1 \
\cb3 frail 1\cb1 \
\cb3 0: Orb of Zot\cb1 \
\cb3 \}: 3/15 runes: decaying, silver, gossamer\cb1 \
\cb3 a: Renounce Religion, Shatter the Chains\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 You escaped.\cb1 \
\cb3 You worshipped Ashenzari.\cb1 \
\cb3 Ashenzari was exalted by your worship.\cb1 \
\cb3 You visited 10 branches of the dungeon, and saw 48 of its levels.\cb1 \
\cb3 You visited the Abyss 1 time.\cb1 \
\cb3 You also visited: Wizlab.\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 You collected 6541 gold pieces.\cb1 \
\cb3 You spent 2895 gold pieces at shops.\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Inventory:\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Hand Weapons\cb1 \
\cb3  a - the cursed +9 demon whip "I Knew You'd Do That" (weapon) \{venom, Ruka, Bglg, Elem\}\cb1 \
\cb3    (You took it off Amaemon on level 2 of the Lair of Beasts)   \cb1 \
\cb3    It has a curse which improves the following skills:\cb1 \
\cb3    Beguiling: Hexes and Translocations.\cb1 \
\cb3    Elements: Fire Magic, Ice Magic, Air Magic and Earth Magic.\cb1 \
\cb3 Missiles\cb1 \
\cb3  i - 11 silver javelins\cb1 \
\cb3  P - 2 throwing nets \{=f, !d\}\cb1 \
\cb3  Q - 16 javelins\cb1 \
\cb3 Armour\cb1 \
\cb3  g - the cursed +9 ring mail of Ashenzari's Idealism (worn) \{Regen+ Slay+4 SInv, Comp, Cun\}\cb1 \
\cb3    (You took it off an orc priest on level 5 of the Vaults)   \cb1 \
\cb3    \cb1 \
\cb3    Slay+4:     It affects your accuracy & damage with ranged weapons and melee\cb1 \
\cb3    (+4).\cb1 \
\cb3    SInv:       It lets you see invisible.\cb1 \
\cb3    Regen+:     It increases your rate of health regeneration.\cb1 \
\cb3    It has a curse which improves the following skills:\cb1 \
\cb3    Companions: Summonings and Necromancy.\cb1 \
\cb3    Cunning: Dodging and Stealth.\cb1 \
\cb3  j - the cursed +0 buckler of the Cryptic Comet (worn) \{rF+ rC+ Str+5, Melee, Fort\}\cb1 \
\cb3    (You acquired it on level 10 of the Dungeon)   \cb1 \
\cb3    \cb1 \
\cb3    Str+5:      It affects your strength (+5).\cb1 \
\cb3    rF+:        It protects you from fire.\cb1 \
\cb3    rC+:        It protects you from cold.\cb1 \
\cb3    It has a curse which improves the following skills:\cb1 \
\cb3    Melee Combat: Short Blades, Long Blades, Axes, Maces & Flails, Polearms,\cb1 \
\cb3    Staves and Unarmed Combat.\cb1 \
\cb3    Fortitude: Armour and Shields.\cb1 \
\cb3  m - the cursed +2 pair of boots "Chained Together" (worn) \{Sorc, Cun\}\cb1 \
\cb3    (You found it on level 5 of the Dungeon)   \cb1 \
\cb3    It has a curse which improves the following skills:\cb1 \
\cb3    Sorcery: Conjurations and Alchemy.\cb1 \
\cb3    Cunning: Dodging and Stealth.\cb1 \
\cb3  z - the cursed +2 helmet of Ashenzari's Repose (worn) \{Elem, Self\}\cb1 \
\cb3    (You found it on level 5 of the Dungeon)   \cb1 \
\cb3    It has a curse which improves the following skills:\cb1 \
\cb3    Elements: Fire Magic, Ice Magic, Air Magic and Earth Magic.\cb1 \
\cb3    Introspection: Fighting and Spellcasting.\cb1 \
\cb3  I - the cursed +2 pair of gloves of the Fated Limitation (worn) \{Elem, Cun\}\cb1 \
\cb3    (You found it on level 1 of the Lair of Beasts)   \cb1 \
\cb3    It has a curse which improves the following skills:\cb1 \
\cb3    Elements: Fire Magic, Ice Magic, Air Magic and Earth Magic.\cb1 \
\cb3    Cunning: Dodging and Stealth.\cb1 \
\cb3  L - the cursed +2 cloak "Behold Eternity" (worn) \{rPois, Elem, Fort\}\cb1 \
\cb3    (You took it off a draconian knight on level 2 of the Realm of Zot)   \cb1 \
\cb3    It has a curse which improves the following skills:\cb1 \
\cb3    Elements: Fire Magic, Ice Magic, Air Magic and Earth Magic.\cb1 \
\cb3    Fortitude: Armour and Shields.\cb1 \
\cb3 Magical Staves\cb1 \
\cb3  b - the staff of Beogh's Generosity \{rF+ Will+ MP+9 Fire\}\cb1 \
\cb3    (You found it on level 3 of the Elven Halls)   \cb1 \
\cb3    \cb1 \
\cb3    [staff of fire]\cb1 \
\cb3    \cb1 \
\cb3    Base accuracy: +5  Base damage: 5  Base attack delay: 1.2\cb1 \
\cb3    This weapon's minimum attack delay (0.6) is reached at skill level 12.\cb1 \
\cb3    \cb1 \
\cb3    rF+:        It protects you from fire.\cb1 \
\cb3    Will+:      It increases your willpower.\cb1 \
\cb3    MP+9:       It affects your magic capacity (+9).\cb1 \
\cb3    Fire:       It increases the power of your Fire spells.\cb1 \
\cb3    \cb1 \
\cb3    It falls into the 'Staves' category. It is a one-graspered weapon.\cb1 \
\cb3  X - a staff of death \{rN+\}\cb1 \
\cb3    (You found it on level 5 of the Vaults)\cb1 \
\cb3 Gizmo\cb1 \
\cb3  V - a bismuth supermodule (installed) \{rElec rC+ Regen+ RegenMP+\}\cb1 \
\cb3    (You invented it yourself on level 5 of the Lair of Beasts)   \cb1 \
\cb3    \cb1 \
\cb3    [bismuth supermodule]\cb1 \
\cb3    \cb1 \
\cb3    rC+:        It protects you from cold.\cb1 \
\cb3    rElec:      It insulates you from electricity.\cb1 \
\cb3    Regen+:     It increases your rate of health regeneration.\cb1 \
\cb3    RegenMP+:   It increases your rate of magic regeneration.\cb1 \
\cb3 Wands\cb1 \
\cb3  c - a wand of quicksilver (9)\cb1 \
\cb3    (You found it on level 10 of the Dungeon)\cb1 \
\cb3  r - a wand of polymorph (9)\cb1 \
\cb3    (You took it off a vault sentinel on level 3 of the Vaults)\cb1 \
\cb3  s - a wand of mindburst (11)\cb1 \
\cb3    (You found it on level 13 of the Dungeon)\cb1 \
\cb3  E - a wand of flame (55)\cb1 \
\cb3    (You took it off a kobold brigand on level 7 of the Dungeon)\cb1 \
\cb3  T - a wand of paralysis (36)\cb1 \
\cb3    (You found it on level 4 of the Lair of Beasts)\cb1 \
\cb3  U - a wand of warping (44)\cb1 \
\cb3    (You found it on level 5 of the Lair of Beasts)\cb1 \
\cb3 Scrolls\cb1 \
\cb3  e - 11 scrolls of teleportation \{!r!d, @r3\}\cb1 \
\cb3  f - 5 scrolls of immolation \{!r\}\cb1 \
\cb3  n - a scroll of revelation\cb1 \
\cb3  u - 4 scrolls of silence\cb1 \
\cb3  v - a scroll of brand weapon\cb1 \
\cb3  w - 2 scrolls of enchant weapon\cb1 \
\cb3  y - 3 scrolls of enchant armour\cb1 \
\cb3  C - a scroll of blinking \{!r!d\}\cb1 \
\cb3  F - 2 scrolls of fog\cb1 \
\cb3  M - 8 scrolls of poison \{!r\}\cb1 \
\cb3  O - 6 scrolls of fear\cb1 \
\cb3  S - a scroll of vulnerability \{!r!r\}\cb1 \
\cb3  Y - 5 scrolls of summoning\cb1 \
\cb3 Potions\cb1 \
\cb3  d - 3 potions of might\cb1 \
\cb3  h - 8 potions of invisibility\cb1 \
\cb3  k - 4 potions of lignification \{!q\}\cb1 \
\cb3  p - 8 potions of curing \{@q1, !d\}\cb1 \
\cb3  q - 3 potions of berserk rage \{!q\}\cb1 \
\cb3  t - 4 potions of attraction \{!q\}\cb1 \
\cb3  D - 9 potions of enlightenment\cb1 \
\cb3  G - 3 potions of magic\cb1 \
\cb3  H - 2 potions of resistance\cb1 \
\cb3  J - 3 potions of brilliance\cb1 \
\cb3  W - 6 potions of mutation \{!q\}\cb1 \
\cb3 Miscellaneous\cb1 \
\cb3  l - a phantom mirror\cb1 \
\cb3    (You found it on level 11 of the Dungeon)\cb1 \
\cb3  K - a lightning rod (4/4)\cb1 \
\cb3    (You found it on level 5 of the Vaults)\cb1 \
\cb3  N - a Gell's gravitambourine (2/2)\cb1 \
\cb3    (You found it on level 5 of the Vaults)\cb1 \
\cb3  R - a box of beasts\cb1 \
\cb3    (You found it on level 5 of the Vaults)\cb1 \
\cb3  Z - a tin of tremorstones (2/2)\cb1 \
\cb3    (You found it on level 5 of the Vaults)\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3    Skills:\cb1 \
\cb3  + Level 23.3(25.3) Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3  - Level 3.0(5.1) Short Blades\cb1 \
\cb3  - Level 9.8(12.3) Maces & Flails\cb1 \
\cb3  - Level 14.6(18.2) Armour\cb1 \
\cb3  - Level 15.5(20.1) Dodging\cb1 \
\cb3  - Level 3.4(7.4) Stealth\cb1 \
\cb3  - Level 3.1(6.1) Shields\cb1 \
\cb3  - Level 12.6(15.0) Spellcasting\cb1 \
\cb3  - Level 9.8(12.2) Conjurations\cb1 \
\cb3  - Level 7.0(9.5) Hexes\cb1 \
\cb3  - Level 17.0(19.2) Summonings\cb1 \
\cb3  - Level 11.8(14.2) Translocations\cb1 \
\cb3  - Level 18.6(24.0) Fire Magic\cb1 \
\cb3  - Level 7.3(9.9) Alchemy\cb1 \
\cb3  - Level 8.0 Evocations\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 You had 3 spell levels left.\cb1 \
\cb3 You knew the following spells:\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3  Your Spells              Type           Power      Damage    Failure   Level\cb1 \
\cb3 a - Summon Cactus Giant   Summ           48%        N/A       1%          6\cb1 \
\cb3 b - Summon Hydra          Summ           48%        N/A       1%          7\cb1 \
\cb3 c - Passage of Golubria   Tloc           84%        N/A       1%          4\cb1 \
\cb3 d - Starburst             Conj/Fire      47%        6d13      1%          6\cb1 \
\cb3 e - Ignition              Fire           53%        3d15      1%          8\cb1 \
\cb3 f - Dispersal             Tloc           42%        N/A       1%          6\cb1 \
\cb3 g - Apportation           Tloc           100%       N/A       0%          1\cb1 \
\cb3 h - Malign Gateway        Summ/Tloc      45%        N/A       3%          7\cb1 \
\cb3 i - Plasma Beam           Fire/Air       39%        2x1d53    3%          6\cb1 \
\cb3 B - Blink                 Tloc           100%       N/A       0%          2\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Your spell library contained the following spells:\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3  Spells                   Type           Power      Damage    Failure   Level\cb1 \
\cb3  Foxfire                  Conj/Fire      100%       2x1d9     0%          1\cb1 \
\cb3  Summon Small Mammal      Summ           100%       N/A       0%          1\cb1 \
\cb3  Call Imp                 Summ           100%       N/A       0%          2\cb1 \
\cb3  Lesser Beckoning         Tloc           100%       N/A       0%          2\cb1 \
\cb3  Scorch                   Fire           100%       2d9       0%          2\cb1 \
\cb3  Inner Flame              Hex/Fire       91%        N/A       0%          3\cb1 \
\cb3  Volatile Blastmotes      Fire/Tloc      100%       2d18      0%          3\cb1 \
\cb3  Kiss of Death            Conj/Necr      100%       2d13      1%          1\cb1 \
\cb3  Magic Dart               Conj           100%       1d8       1%          1\cb1 \
\cb3  Slow                     Hex            100%       N/A       1%          1\cb1 \
\cb3  Sting                    Conj/Alch      100%       1d9       1%          1\cb1 \
\cb3  Cigotuvi's Dreadful Rot  Necr/Alch/Air  92%        N/A       1%          2\cb1 \
\cb3  Ensorcelled Hibernation  Hex/Ice        100%       N/A       1%          2\cb1 \
\cb3  Momentum Strike          Conj/Tloc      100%       3d10      1%          2\cb1 \
\cb3  Searing Ray              Conj           100%       2d8       1%          2\cb1 \
\cb3  Confusing Touch          Hex            70%        N/A       1%          3\cb1 \
\cb3  Sigil of Binding         Hex            70%        N/A       1%          3\cb1 \
\cb3  Tukima's Dance           Hex            70%        N/A       1%          3\cb1 \
\cb3  Necrotise                Necr           100%       1d9       3%          1\cb1 \
\cb3  Sublimation of Blood     Necr           25%        N/A       5%          2\cb1 \
\cb3  Passwall                 Erth           28%        N/A       9%          3\cb1 \
\cb3  Swiftness                Air            28%        N/A       9%          3\cb1 \
\cb3  Fugue of the Fallen      Necr           25%        N/A       11%         3\cb1 \
\cb3  Vampiric Draining        Necr           25%        2d7       11%         3\cb1 \
\cb3  Animate Armour           Summ/Erth      100%       N/A       1%          4\cb1 \
\cb3  Cause Fear               Hex            35%        N/A       1%          4\cb1 \
\cb3  Dimensional Bullseye     Hex/Tloc       38%        N/A       1%          4\cb1 \
\cb3  Flame Wave               Conj/Fire      94%        2d20      1%          4\cb1 \
\cb3  Fulminant Prism          Conj/Alch      37%        3d17      1%          4\cb1 \
\cb3  Ignite Poison            Fire/Alch      91%        N/A       1%          4\cb1 \
\cb3  Iskenderun's Mystic Bla  Conj/Tloc      81%        2d16 (+2d91%          4\cb1 \
\cb3  Martyr's Knell           Necr/Summ      71%        N/A       1%          4\cb1 \
\cb3  Sticky Flame             Fire/Alch      91%        2d14      1%          4\cb1 \
\cb3  Summon Forest            Summ/Tloc      45%        N/A       1%          5\cb1 \
\cb3  Summon Mana Viper        Hex/Summ       85%        N/A       1%          5\cb1 \
\cb3  Yara's Violent Unravell  Hex/Alch       35%        3d14      1%          5\cb1 \
\cb3  Gell's Gavotte           Tloc           42%        2d(30-45) 1%          6\cb1 \
\cb3  Brom's Barrelling Bould  Conj/Erth      59%        2d7       2%          4\cb1 \
\cb3  Anguish                  Hex/Necr       26%        N/A       4%          4\cb1 \
\cb3  Leda's Liquefaction      Alch/Erth      27%        N/A       4%          4\cb1 \
\cb3  Petrify                  Alch/Erth      54%        N/A       4%          4\cb1 \
\cb3  Manifold Assault         Tloc           42%        N/A       10%         7\cb1 \
\cb3  Summon Horrible Things   Summ           48%        N/A       10%         8\cb1 \
\cb3  Eringya's Noxious Bog    Alch           35%        4d6       11%         6\cb1 \
\cb3  Metabolic Englaciation   Hex/Ice        26%        N/A       13%         5\cb1 \
\cb3  Animate Dead             Necr           25%        N/A       34%         4\cb1 \
\cb3  Dispel Undead            Necr           25%        3d12      34%         4\cb1 \
\cb3  Bombard                  Conj/Erth      29%        9d5       38%         6\cb1 \
\cb3  Haunt                    Necr/Summ      35%        N/A       52%         7\cb1 \
\cb3  Sculpt Simulacrum        Ice/Alch       27%        N/A       54%         6\cb1 \
\cb3  Enfeeble                 Hex            35%        N/A       54%         7\cb1 \
\cb3  Lee's Rapid Deconstruct  Erth           14%        3d9*      58%         5\cb1 \
\cb3  Disjunction              Tloc           42%        N/A       58%         8\cb1 \
\cb3  Borgnjor's Vile Clutch   Necr/Erth      13%        N/A       63%         5\cb1 \
\cb3  Curse of Agony           Necr           25%        N/A       67%         5\cb1 \
\cb3  Fire Storm               Conj/Fire      47%        8d12      92%         9\cb1 \
\cb3  Seismic Cannonade        Alch/Erth      27%        6d10      98%         7\cb1 \
\cb3  Death Channel            Necr           12%        N/A       99%         6\cb1 \
\cb3  Permafrost Eruption      Ice/Erth       14%        2x4d4     99%         6\cb1 \
\cb3  Magnavolt                Erth/Air       14%        3d12      100%        7\cb1 \
\cb3  Rimeblight               Ice/Necr       13%        2d4 (prima100%        7\cb1 \
\cb3  Infestation              Necr           12%        N/A       100%        8\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Dungeon Overview and Level Annotations\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Branches:\cb1 \
\cb3 Dungeon (15/15)            Temple (1/1) D:6            Lair (5/5) D:11        \cb1 \
\cb3   Swamp (4/4) Lair:2       Spider (4/4) Lair:3        Slime (0/5) Lair:4      \cb1 \
\cb3     Orc (2/2) D:9             Elf (3/3) Orc:2        Vaults (5/5) D:14        \cb1 \
\cb3   Crypt (0/3) Vaults:3     Depths (4/4) D:15            Zot (5/5) Depths:4    \cb1 \
\cb3  WizLab (visited)         \cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Altars:\cb1 \
\cb3 Ashenzari\cb1 \
\cb3 Cheibriados\cb1 \
\cb3 Dithmenos\cb1 \
\cb3 Elyvilon\cb1 \
\cb3 Fedhas\cb1 \
\cb3 Gozag\cb1 \
\cb3 Hepliaklqana\cb1 \
\cb3 Kikubaaqudgha\cb1 \
\cb3 Makhleb\cb1 \
\cb3 Nemelex Xobeh\cb1 \
\cb3 Okawaru\cb1 \
\cb3 Qazlal\cb1 \
\cb3 Ru\cb1 \
\cb3 Sif Muna\cb1 \
\cb3 Trog\cb1 \
\cb3 Uskayaw\cb1 \
\cb3 Vehumet\cb1 \
\cb3 Wu Jian\cb1 \
\cb3 Xom\cb1 \
\cb3 Yredelemnul\cb1 \
\cb3 Zin\cb1 \
\cb3 The Shining One\cb1 \
\cb3 Beogh\cb1 \
\cb3 Lugonu\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Shops:\cb1 \
\cb3 D:4 **   D:7 ?:   D:13 *   D:14 :   Orc:2 [(((:?   Elf:3 *[(   Depths:1 *\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Portals:\cb1 \
\cb3 Hell: Depths:1 Depths:2 Depths:3 Depths:4\cb1 \
\cb3 Abyss: Depths:3\cb1 \
\cb3 Pandemonium: Depths:2 Depths:3\cb1 \
\cb3 Ziggurat: Depths:2\cb1 \
\cb3 Trove: D:13 (give horn of Geryon)\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Annotations:\cb1 \
\cb3 Lair:5 blink book\cb1 \
\cb3 Elf:1 36 runed translucent doors\cb1 \
\cb3 Vaults:3 2 transporters, howech's ghost, veteran MiGl\cb1 \
\cb3 Depths:4 exclusion: door\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Innate Abilities, Weirdness & Mutations\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 You can wield a second weapon in your off-hand.\cb1 \
\cb3 It takes a long time for you to wield or remove held weapons.\cb1 \
\cb3 Your first few attacks do less damage.\cb1 \
\cb3 You cannot equip rings or amulets.\cb1 \
\cb3 You are clumsy. (Dex -2)\cb1 \
\cb3 You are frail. (-10% HP)\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Message History\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Okay, then.\cb1 \
\cb3 An Executioner comes into view.\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner hits your eight-headed hydra!!\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner hits your eight-headed hydra!\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner slices one of your eight-headed hydra's heads off!\cb1 \
\cb3 Your seven-headed hydra grows two more!\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner hits your nine-headed hydra.\cb1 \
\cb3 Something hits your nine-headed hydra!!\cb1 \
\cb3 Something hacks one of your nine-headed hydra's heads off!\cb1 \
\cb3 Your eight-headed hydra grows two more!\cb1 \
\cb3 Something completely misses your ten-headed hydra.\cb1 \
\cb3 Something hits your ten-headed hydra.\cb1 \
\cb3 Something chops one of your ten-headed hydra's heads off!\cb1 \
\cb3 Your nine-headed hydra grows two more!\cb1 \
\cb3 Something barely misses your 11-headed hydra.\cb1 \
\cb3 Something hits your 11-headed hydra. x2\cb1 \
\cb3 Something hits your 11-headed hydra. x3\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner hits your 11-headed hydra!\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner slices one of your 11-headed hydra's heads off!\cb1 \
\cb3 Your ten-headed hydra dies!\cb1 \
\cb3 Your ten-headed hydra's corpse disappears in a puff of smoke!\cb1 \
\cb3 Casting: Summon Hydra (mildly dangerous; 1% risk of failure)\cb1 \
\cb3 A four-headed hydra appears. The Executioner hits you.\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner barely misses you.\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner hits you but does no damage.\cb1 \
\cb3 You take 4 damage, and have 213/217 hp. You now have 29/42 mp.\cb1 \
\cb3 Casting: Summon Hydra (mildly dangerous; 1% risk of failure)\cb1 \
\cb3 A four-headed hydra appears. The Executioner misses you.\cb1 \
\cb3 You block the Executioner's attack. x2; The Executioner hits you!\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner closely misses you.\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner hits you but does no damage.\cb1 \
\cb3 You take 9 damage, and have 204/217 hp. You now have 23/42 mp.\cb1 \
\cb3 You hit the Executioner. The Executioner is poisoned.\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner barely misses you.\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner hits you but does no damage. x2\cb1 \
\cb3 A sixfirhy comes into view.\cb1 \
\cb3 You regained 2 hp, and now have 206/217 hp.\cb1 \
\cb3 You thrash the Executioner!!\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner looks as sick as possible!\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner gestures.\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner seems to speed up.\cb1 \
\cb3 The sixfirhy hits your four-headed hydra!\cb1 \
\cb3 The sixfirhy shocks your four-headed hydra!\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner attacks as it pursues you!\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner hits you!\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner hits you but does no damage. x2\cb1 \
\cb3 The sixfirhy hits your four-headed hydra.\cb1 \
\cb3 The sixfirhy shocks your four-headed hydra!\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner closely misses you. The Executioner barely misses you.\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner misses you.\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner hits you but does no damage. x2\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner hits you.\cb1 \
\cb3 Your four-headed hydra misses the Executioner.\cb1 \
\cb3 Your four-headed hydra bites the Executioner!\cb1 \
\cb3 Your four-headed hydra barely misses the Executioner.\cb1 \
\cb3 Your four-headed hydra bites the Executioner!\cb1 \
\cb3 Your four-headed hydra completely misses the Executioner.\cb1 \
\cb3 Your four-headed hydra bites the Executioner! x2\cb1 \
\cb3 The Executioner dies!\cb1 \
\cb3 Your four-headed hydra barely misses the sixfirhy.\cb1 \
\cb3 You take 16 damage, and have 191/217 hp.\cb1 \
\cb3 You regained 2 hp, and now have 193/217 hp.\cb1 \
\cb3 Your four-headed hydra bites the sixfirhy!\cb1 \
\cb3 Your four-headed hydra bites the sixfirhy.\cb1 \
\cb3 Your four-headed hydra completely misses the sixfirhy.\cb1 \
\cb3 Your four-headed hydra bites the sixfirhy!\cb1 \
\cb3 You regained 2 hp, and now have 195/217 hp.\cb1 \
\cb3 The sixfirhy hits your four-headed hydra.\cb1 \
\cb3 The sixfirhy shocks your four-headed hydra!\cb1 \
\cb3 The sixfirhy hits your four-headed hydra.\cb1 \
\cb3 The sixfirhy shocks your four-headed hydra!\cb1 \
\cb3 The sixfirhy hits your four-headed hydra!\cb1 \
\cb3 Your four-headed hydra dies!\cb1 \
\cb3 Your four-headed hydra's corpse disappears in a puff of smoke!\cb1 \
\cb3 The sixfirhy hits your four-headed hydra.\cb1 \
\cb3 The sixfirhy shocks your four-headed hydra!\cb1 \
\cb3 Your four-headed hydra closely misses the sixfirhy.\cb1 \
\cb3 Your four-headed hydra bites the sixfirhy!\cb1 \
\cb3 The sixfirhy dies!\cb1 \
\cb3 You regained 3 hp, and now have 198/217 hp.\cb1 \
\cb3 Your four-headed hydra disappears in a puff of smoke!\cb1 \
\cb3 You regained 2 hp, and now have 200/217 hp.\cb1 \
\cb3 You regained 2 hp, and now have 202/217 hp.\cb1 \
\cb3 You regained 2 hp, and now have 204/217 hp.\cb1 \
\cb3 A rust devil comes into view.\cb1 \
\cb3 You regained 2 hp, and now have 206/217 hp.\cb1 \
\cb3 You regained 2 hp, and now have 208/217 hp.\cb1 \
\cb3 You regained 2 hp, and now have 210/217 hp.\cb1 \
\cb3 You regained 3 hp, and now have 213/217 hp.\cb1 \
\cb3 You regained 2 hp, and now have 215/217 hp.\cb1 \
\cb3 Health restored: 217\cb1 \
\cb3 Casting: Summon Hydra (mildly dangerous; 1% risk of failure)\cb1 \
\cb3 You now have 28/42 mp.\cb1 \
\cb3 Your cactus giant hits the rust devil with a +0 giant spiked club!!\cb1 \
\cb3 The rust devil is struck by your cactus giant's spines.\cb1 \
\cb3 The rust devil dies!\cb1 \
\cb3 You enter the shallow water.\cb1 \
\cb3 Moving in this stuff is going to be slow.\cb1 \
\cb3 There is a staircase leading out of the dungeon here.\cb1 \
\cb3 You have escaped!\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3                     #.##.#\cb1 \
\cb3 #####################.##.#\cb1 \
\cb3 #............C......#.##.##\cb1 \
\cb3 #.########.########........\cb1 \
\cb3 #.#\uc0\u8776 \u8776 \u8776 \u8776 \u8776 \u8776 \'a7.\'a7\'a7\u8776 \u8776 \'a7\u8776 \u8776 #...#.###\cb1 \
\cb3 #.#\uc0\u8776 \u8776 \u8776 \'a7\u8776 .....\u8776 \u8776 \'a7\'a7\'a7#...#.#.#\cb1 \
\cb3 #.#\uc0\u8776 \u8776 ....~C~....\'a7\'a7#.#.....#\cb1 \
\cb3 #.#\uc0\u8776 ...~~~.~~~..\'a7\'a7#.....#.#\cb1 \
\cb3 #.\'a7\'a7..~~~.@..~~.\'a7\'a7#.##.....\cb1 \
\cb3 ###\uc0\u8776 ...~~~.~~~..\'a7\'a7#.....#..\cb1 \
\cb3   #\uc0\u8776 \u8776 ....~~~....\u8776 \u8776 #####.###\cb1 \
\cb3   #\'a7\'a7\uc0\u8776 \u8776 \u8776 .....\u8776 \u8776 \u8776 \u8776 \u8776 #   #.#.#\cb1 \
\cb3   #\uc0\u8776 \u8776 \u8776 \u8776 \u8776 \u8776 \u8776 \u8776 \u8776 \u8776 \u8776 \u8776 \u8776 \u8776 \u8776 #   #.#.#\cb1 \
\cb3   #################   #.#.#\cb1 \
\cb3                       #...#\cb1 \
\cb3                       #####\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 You could see a friendly cactus giant (summoned).\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Vanquished Creatures\cb1 \
\cb3   Tiamat (Zot:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   Sojobo (Depths:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   Boris (Depths:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 Killer Klowns (Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   Saint Roka (Depths:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 curse toes (Zot:4 Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 golden dragons (Depths:4 Zot:3 Zot:4 Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   Jorgrun (Orc:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   An electric golem (Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   12 tentacled monstrosities (Depths:4 Zot:1 Zot:2 Zot:3 Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   Rupert (Spider:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   7 Orb Guardians (Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   8 quicksilver dragons (Vaults:4 Vaults:5 Depths:4 Zot:2 Zot:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 deep elf blademasters (Elf:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 titans (Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 sphinxes (Vaults:4 Vaults:5 Depths:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   A walking frostbound tome (Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   An ancient champion (Vaults:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 deep elf master archers (Elf:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 death cobs (Zot:1 Zot:3 Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   Aizul (Swamp:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   A thorn hunter (Swamp:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 shadow dragons (Vaults:5 Zot:2 Zot:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   Donald (Lair:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 storm dragons (Vaults:4 Depths:3 Zot:4 Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 tengu reavers (Vaults:4 Vaults:5 Depths:2 Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 draconian knights (Zot:1 Zot:3 Zot:4 Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 fire giants (Vaults:5 Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 draconian monks (Zot:1 Zot:2 Zot:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   10 frost giants (Vaults:5 Depths:1 Depths:2 Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 emperor scorpions (D:15 Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   13 vault wardens (Vaults:1 Vaults:2 Vaults:3 Vaults:4 Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   A draconian scorcher (Zot:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   A caustic shrike zombie (Depths:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 deep elf elementalists (Elf:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 draconian shifters (Depths:4 Zot:2 Zot:3 Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 ghost moths (Spider:4 Zot:1 Zot:3 Zot:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   A cacodemon (D:10)\cb1 \
\cb3   7 deep elf sorcerers (Elf:1 Elf:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   An orc warlord (D:9)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 draconian stormcallers (Depths:4 Zot:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   A draconian annihilator (Zot:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 broodmothers (Spider:2 Spider:3 Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   9 stone giants (Vaults:5 Depths:2 Depths:3 Depths:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   8 very ugly things (Vaults:4 Vaults:5 Depths:2 Depths:3 Depths:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   12 ironbound preservers (Vaults:1 D:14 Vaults:3 Vaults:4 Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   7 ironbound thunderhulks (Vaults:1 Vaults:2 Vaults:3 Vaults:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 green draconians (Zot:3 Zot:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   9 black draconians (Zot:1 Zot:2 Zot:3 Zot:4 Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   7 eleionomae (Swamp:1 Swamp:2 Swamp:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   A vampire knight (Depths:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   A formless jellyfish (Vaults:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   7 deep elf demonologists (Elf:1 Elf:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 deep elf annihilators (Vaults:2 Elf:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   Nessos (D:14)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 red draconians (Depths:4 Zot:3 Zot:4 Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 yellow draconians (Depths:4 Zot:2 Zot:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 deep elf death magi (Elf:2 Elf:3 Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   10 spark wasps (Spider:1 Spider:4 Depths:2 Depths:3 Depths:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   7 dire elephants (Vaults:1 Vaults:2 Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   8 bunyips (Swamp:1 Lair:1 Swamp:2 Swamp:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 white draconians (Zot:1 Zot:2 Zot:3 Zot:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   7 purple draconians (Depths:4 Zot:1 Zot:2 Zot:3 Zot:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 war gargoyles (Vaults:3 Vaults:4 Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   Snorg (Lair:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 entropy weavers (Vaults:1 Vaults:4 Spider:1 Spider:2 Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   A crystal guardian (Vaults:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 ettins (Vaults:5 Depths:1 Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   The ghost of kutta1 the Grappler, a journeyman TrAr (D:11)\cb1 \
\cb3   11 yaktaur captains (Vaults:1 Vaults:2 Vaults:4 Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 fire dragons (Lair:5 Depths:2 Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 deep elf high priests (Elf:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 shambling mangroves (Swamp:3 Swamp:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 rakshasas (Depths:1 Depths:2 Depths:3 Depths:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 great orbs of eyes (Vaults:3 Vaults:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   35 vault guards (Vaults:1 Vaults:2 Vaults:3 Vaults:4 Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   A spriggan air mage (Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   22 hydras (Lair:4 Lair:5 D:15 Swamp:2 Swamp:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 peacekeepers (Vaults:3 Vaults:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   Erolcha (D:12)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 ice dragons (Depths:2 Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   An anaconda (Zot:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   8 ironbound frosthearts (Vaults:1 Vaults:2 Vaults:3 Vaults:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 ogre magi (D:11 Orc:2 D:14 Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   A jorogumo (Spider:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   10 alligators (Swamp:1 Swamp:2 Swamp:3 Swamp:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   8 centaur warriors (D:13 D:14 D:15 Vaults:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   14 boulder beetles (Lair:5 D:12 D:13 D:15 Lair:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   A radroach (Spider:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   8 two-headed ogres (D:12 D:11 Orc:2 D:13 D:14)\cb1 \
\cb3   19 dancing weapons (Elf:1 Elf:2 Elf:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   13 demonic crawlers (Spider:1 Lair:3 Spider:2 Spider:3 Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 occultists (Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 tengu warriors (Depths:1 Depths:2 Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 death yaks (Lair:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   7 deep troll shamans (Depths:1 Depths:2 Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 spriggan berserkers (Swamp:4 Depths:1 Depths:3 Depths:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   A hell hog (Lair:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 deep troll earth magi (Vaults:4 Depths:1 Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   7 orc high priests (Orc:2 Swamp:3 Depths:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   Urug (D:11)\cb1 \
\cb3   A thrashing horror (Abyss:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 hell knights (Depths:3 Depths:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 spriggans (Swamp:1 Swamp:2 Depths:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   16 deep elf knights (Elf:1 Elf:2 Elf:3 Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   A skyshark (Lair:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   8 pharaoh ants (Spider:1 Spider:2 Spider:3 Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   Amaemon (Lair:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   A salamander mystic (D:15)\cb1 \
\cb3   A shadow wraith (Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   A sixfirhy (Abyss:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 iron trolls (Depths:1 Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   A skeletal warrior (Vaults:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 spriggan druids (Lair:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 goliath frogs (Swamp:1 Swamp:2 Swamp:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 large abominations (Abyss:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 orb spiders (Spider:1 Spider:2 Spider:3 Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   7 arcanists (Vaults:3 Vaults:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   A sun moth (shapeshifter) (Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   32 deep trolls (Vaults:1 D:14 Vaults:3 Vaults:4 Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 glowing orange brains (Depths:2 Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 bog bodies (Swamp:1 Swamp:3 Swamp:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   A shadow demon (Abyss:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   13 swamp dragons (Lair:5 Swamp:2 Swamp:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   11 deep elf archers (Elf:1 Elf:2 Elf:3 Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   A flayed ghost (Depths:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 ironbound convokers (D:14 Vaults:2 Vaults:4 Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   25 deep elf pyromancers (D:11 D:12 D:14 Elf:1 Elf:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 thermic dynamos (Elf:2 Elf:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   7 steelbarb worms (Spider:2 Spider:3 Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   An anaconda skeleton (Abyss:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 necromancers (Depths:1 Depths:3 Depths:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   14 orc knights (Orc:1 Orc:2 Elf:1 Vaults:5 Depths:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   48 ugly things (D:12 D:13 D:14 D:15 Vaults:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   15 deep elf zephyrmancers (Elf:1 Elf:2 Elf:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   A shadow dragon skeleton (Depths:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 lindwurms (D:14 Vaults:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 phantasmal warriors (Vaults:4 Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   7 orc sorcerers (Orc:1 Orc:2 Elf:1 Depths:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 will-o-the-wisps (Swamp:2 Swamp:3 Swamp:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 polterguardians (Vaults:1 Vaults:2 Vaults:3 Vaults:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   23 wolf spiders (Lair:5 Spider:1 Spider:2 Spider:3 Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 oklob plants (Swamp:1 Lair:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 manticores (D:11 D:15)\cb1 \
\cb3   An iron dragon skeleton (Depths:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   12 moths of wrath (Spider:3 Spider:4 Zot:2 Zot:3 Zot:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   A cyclops (D:15)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 kobold blastminers (Orc:1 Orc:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   16 elephants (D:11 Lair:1 Lair:2 Lair:4 Lair:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 elephants (shapeshifter) (D:15 Depths:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   Joseph (Lair:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 meliai (Lair:3 Spider:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   15 vault sentinels (Vaults:1 Vaults:2 Vaults:3 Vaults:4 Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   7 black mambas (Lair:2 Lair:4 Lair:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 torpor snails (Lair:5 Spider:1 Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 orange demons (Lair:2 D:10)\cb1 \
\cb3   16 cane toads (Lair:1 Lair:2 Lair:3 Lair:4 Lair:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   An unseen horror (D:12)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 gargoyles (D:12)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 kobold demonologists (D:9 D:11)\cb1 \
\cb3   19 yaktaurs (D:15 D:14 Vaults:1 Vaults:2 Vaults:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 efreet (D:13 D:15)\cb1 \
\cb3   8 komodo dragons (Lair:1 Lair:2 Lair:3 Lair:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 rime drakes (Lair:3 Lair:4 Lair:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 tengu conjurers (Depths:1 Depths:2 Depths:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   An ancient zyme (Abyss:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 catoblepas skeletons (Abyss:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 trolls (D:11 D:13)\cb1 \
\cb3   A red devil (Abyss:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 bloated husks (Swamp:2 Swamp:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   8 nameless horrors (Spider:4 D:15 Depths:1 Depths:2 Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   34 tarantellas (Spider:1 Lair:3 Spider:2 Spider:3 Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   9 tyrant leeches (Swamp:1 Swamp:2 Swamp:3 Swamp:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   29 blink frogs (Lair:1 Lair:2 Lair:3 Lair:4 Lair:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   Grinder (D:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   A raiju (shapeshifter) (Vaults:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 glass eyes (Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   12 polar bears (D:9 D:10 Lair:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   8 hornets (D:7 Lair:2 Swamp:1 Swamp:2 Depths:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   44 jumping spiders (Spider:1 Spider:2 Spider:3 Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   A dream sheep (Lair:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   15 raiju (Lair:5 Abyss:3 Elf:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 air elementals (Elf:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   Sigmund (D:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   39 slime creatures (D:12 D:15 Vaults:1 D:14 Vaults:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   A frost giant simulacrum (Depths:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   23 culicivoras (Spider:1 Spider:2 Spider:3 Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   10 water elementals (D:14 Elf:1 Elf:2 Elf:3 Depths:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   21 yaks (D:9 D:11 Lair:2 Lair:4 Lair:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 wraiths (D:7 D:10 D:11 Vaults:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 wyverns (Lair:1 Lair:3 Lair:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   An unseen horror simulacrum (D:9)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 golden eyes (Abyss:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   A fire elemental (Elf:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 steam dragons (D:8 D:10 Lair:5 Depths:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   27 vampire mosquitoes (D:11 D:13 D:14 D:15 Lair:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 basilisks (Lair:3 Lair:5 D:14 Abyss:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   58 redbacks (Spider:1 Lair:3 Vaults:1 Vaults:4 Spider:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   11 wargs (Lair:5 Orc:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   A swamp worm (shapeshifter) (Vaults:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 small abominations (Abyss:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   16 swamp worms (Swamp:1 Swamp:2 Swamp:3 Swamp:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 acid dragons (D:9 Lair:5 D:13 D:14)\cb1 \
\cb3   8 two-headed ogre zombies (D:11)\cb1 \
\cb3   9 water moccasins (Lair:1 Lair:2 Lair:3 Lair:4 Lair:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   11 hell hounds (Lair:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   18 swamp drakes (Lair:5 Swamp:1 Swamp:2 Swamp:3 Swamp:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 ice beasts (D:9 D:10)\cb1 \
\cb3   18 orc warriors (D:9 D:8 Orc:1 Orc:2 Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   A sky beast (shapeshifter) (D:13)\cb1 \
\cb3   A sky beast (D:7)\cb1 \
\cb3   14 black bears (D:6 D:11 Lair:3 Lair:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 boggarts (D:14)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 ogres (D:5 D:6 Orc:1 Orc:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   26 wolves (D:10 Lair:2 Lair:3 Lair:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   A crocodile (shapeshifter) (D:13)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 centaurs (D:8 D:10 D:13)\cb1 \
\cb3   15 bullfrogs (D:6 D:8 D:9 D:11 Lair:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 kobold brigands (D:7 D:9)\cb1 \
\cb3   A gnoll sergeant (D:9)\cb1 \
\cb3   7 scorpions (D:4 D:6 D:11)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 earth elementals (Elf:1 Elf:2 Elf:3 Abyss:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   9 wights (D:8 D:9 Abyss:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 killer bees (Lair:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 electric eels (D:9 D:10 D:14)\cb1 \
\cb3   9 howler monkeys (D:7 D:10 D:11)\cb1 \
\cb3   A crimson imp (D:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 bombardier beetles (D:4 D:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 hounds (D:4 D:5 D:6 D:7)\cb1 \
\cb3   9 jellies (D:5 D:6 D:8 Lair:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   11 orc priests (D:8 D:9 Orc:1 Orc:2 Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   An iron imp (Abyss:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   7 iguanas (D:6 Lair:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   Natasha (thrice) (D:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   22 orc wizards (D:5 D:8 D:9 Orc:1 Orc:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 centaur simulacra (D:9 D:10)\cb1 \
\cb3   14 ogre zombies (D:11)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 adders (D:2 D:3 D:4 D:5 Depths:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   16 gnolls (D:2 D:5 D:6 D:9)\cb1 \
\cb3   A shadow imp (D:6)\cb1 \
\cb3   7 white imps (D:7 D:9 D:10)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 ufetubi (D:6 D:9 Abyss:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 dart slugs (D:1 D:2 D:3 D:6)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 ribbon worms (D:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   44 orcs (D:3 D:5 D:7 D:8 D:9)\cb1 \
\cb3   9 ball pythons (D:1 D:2 D:3 D:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   7 endoplasms (D:1 D:2 D:3 D:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 giant cockroaches (D:1 D:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 goblins (D:1 D:2 D:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 hobgoblins (D:1 D:2 D:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 jackals (D:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 quokkas (D:1 D:2 D:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   10 bats (D:2 D:14)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 frilled lizards (D:1 D:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   A goblin skeleton (D:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   A goblin zombie (D:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 hobgoblin zombies (D:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   12 kobolds (D:1 D:2 D:3 D:4 D:7)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 kobold zombies (D:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   An orc skeleton (D:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 rats (D:1 D:2 D:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   An aspiring flesh (Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3 1791 creatures vanquished.\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Vanquished Creatures (collateral kills)\cb1 \
\cb3   7 orbs of fire (Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   A dread lich (Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   Boris (Depths:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   A Killer Klown (Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   Bai Suzhen (Spider:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   9 golden dragons (Depths:3 Depths:4 Zot:1 Zot:2 Zot:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   Nikola (Depths:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   An electric golem (Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   9 tentacled monstrosities (Zot:1 Zot:2 Zot:3 Zot:4 Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   Zenata (Vaults:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   16 Orb Guardians (Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 liches (D:15 Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 quicksilver dragons (Vaults:5 Vaults:4 Zot:3 Zot:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   A walking frostbound tome (Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 titans (Vaults:4 Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   9 death cobs (Zot:2 Zot:1 Zot:4 Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 sphinxes (Vaults:5 Depths:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 Executioners (D:14 D:7 D:2 D:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   7 tengu reavers (Vaults:5 D:15 Depths:2 Depths:3 Depths:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   7 storm dragons (Vaults:4 Vaults:5 Zot:1 Zot:2 Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 shadow dragons (Vaults:4 Zot:2 Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 protean progenitors (Zot:3 Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 draconian monks (Zot:1 Zot:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 draconian knights (Zot:1 Zot:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   An iron dragon (Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 frost giants (Vaults:5 Depths:1 Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 emperor scorpions (Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 vault wardens (Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 draconian shifters (Zot:2 Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 fire giants (Vaults:5 Depths:2 Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   A caustic shrike zombie (Depths:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 draconian scorchers (Zot:1 Zot:2 Zot:3 Zot:4 Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   A draconian annihilator (Zot:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   A draconian stormcaller (Zot:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 stone giants (Vaults:5 Depths:1 Depths:3 Depths:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 broodmothers (Spider:3 Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   An ironbound preserver (Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 black draconians (Zot:1 Zot:2 Zot:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 very ugly things (Vaults:5 D:15 Depths:2 Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   A green draconian (Zot:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   A vampire knight (Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 deep elf death magi (Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   A dire elephant (Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 red draconians (Zot:1 Zot:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 yellow draconians (Zot:1 Zot:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   5 white draconians (Zot:1 Zot:2 Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 spark wasps (Depths:2 Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 purple draconians (Zot:4 Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 ettins (Vaults:4 Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   A merfolk impaler (Depths:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 ice dragons (Depths:2 Depths:3 Depths:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 fire dragons (Depths:1 Depths:2 Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   A vault guard (Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 jorogumos (Spider:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 rakshasas (Depths:1 Depths:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 ogre magi (Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   A two-headed ogre (Zot:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 spriggan air magi (Depths:1 Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 deep troll shamans (Depths:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   9 dancing weapons (Elf:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 tengu warriors (Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 deep troll earth magi (Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   A vampire mage (Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   A boulder beetle (Spider:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 deep elf knights (Elf:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   A titan zombie (Depths:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   14 hell knights (Depths:3 Depths:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 sixfirhies (D:8 D:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 pharaoh ants (Spider:2 Spider:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   A shadow wraith (Vaults:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   A sun moth (Spider:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 iron trolls (Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   A flayed ghost (Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 glowing orange brains (Depths:2 Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   A deep troll (shapeshifter) (Depths:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 deep trolls (Depths:1 Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 orb spiders (Spider:3 Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 steelbarb worms (Spider:2 Spider:3 Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 ironbound convokers (Vaults:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 deep elf zephyrmancers (Elf:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   A phantasmal warrior (Depths:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   A necromancer (Depths:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 deep elf pyromancers (Elf:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 wolf spiders (Spider:3 Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 ugly things (Vaults:5 Depths:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   16 moths of wrath (Zot:1 Zot:2 Zot:3 Zot:4 Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   A fire giant skeleton (Depths:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   A nameless horror (Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   A rust devil (D:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 torpor snails (Spider:1 Spider:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   A red devil (Zot:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   A tengu conjurer (Depths:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   6 jumping spiders (Spider:1 Spider:2 Spider:3 Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   4 tarantellas (Spider:3 Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   A spriggan zombie (Depths:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 culicivoras (Spider:1 Spider:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   7 redbacks (Spider:1 Spider:3 Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   A hell hound (Spider:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   An orc priest (Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   An orc (Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 aspiring fleshes (Zot:3)\cb1 \
\cb3 321 creatures vanquished.\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Vanquished Creatures (others)\cb1 \
\cb3   23 eldritch tentacles (Depths:3 Depths:4 Zot:1 Zot:2 Zot:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   A draconian knight (Zot:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   A fire giant (Depths:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   A stone giant (Depths:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   A deep elf death mage (Elf:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   A red draconian (Depths:4)\cb1 \
\cb3   A white draconian (Zot:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   A spriggan air mage (Depths:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   A glowing orange brain (Depths:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   A deep elf zephyrmancer (Elf:1)\cb1 \
\cb3   An orange demon (D:10)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 bloated husks (Swamp:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   A nameless horror (Zot:2)\cb1 \
\cb3   2 orc wizards (D:8 Vaults:5)\cb1 \
\cb3   13 foxfires (Swamp:2 Swamp:3)\cb1 \
\cb3   260 fulminant prisms (D:7 D:8 D:9 Orc:1 D:10)\cb1 \
\cb3   3 snaplasher vines (Spider:3 Elf:2)\cb1 \
\cb3 314 creatures vanquished.\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Grand Total: 2426 creatures vanquished\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Notes\cb1 \
\cb3 Turn   | Place    | Note\cb1 \
\cb3 -------+----------+-------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb3      0 | D:1      | particleface the Coglin Conjurer began the quest for the\cb1 \
\cb3                   | Orb.\cb1 \
\cb3      0 | D:1      | Reached XP level 1. HP: 13/13 MP: 3/3\cb1 \
\cb3    175 | D:1      | Reached skill level 1 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3    224 | D:1      | Reached skill level 2 in Spellcasting\cb1 \
\cb3    275 | D:1      | Reached XP level 2. HP: 21/21 MP: 0/5\cb1 \
\cb3    385 | D:1      | Found a faded altar of an unknown god.\cb1 \
\cb3    425 | D:1      | Learned a level 2 spell: Searing Ray\cb1 \
\cb3    888 | D:1      | Reached XP level 3. HP: 23/27 MP: 4/6\cb1 \
\cb3    991 | D:1      | Reached skill level 4 in Conjurations\cb1 \
\cb3   1054 | D:1      | Reached skill level 2 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3   1259 | D:2      | Noticed Sigmund\cb1 \
\cb3   1375 | D:2      | Reached skill level 2 in Stealth\cb1 \
\cb3   2148 | D:2      | Reached XP level 4. HP: 33/33 MP: 5/7\cb1 \
\cb3   2762 | D:3      | Noticed Natasha\cb1 \
\cb3   2828 | D:3      | Killed Natasha\cb1 \
\cb3   2829 | D:3      | Reached skill level 3 in Spellcasting\cb1 \
\cb3   2919 | D:3      | Noticed Natasha\cb1 \
\cb3   2962 | D:3      | Killed Natasha\cb1 \
\cb3   2963 | D:3      | Reached XP level 5. HP: 38/38 MP: 3/9\cb1 \
\cb3   3113 | D:3      | Noticed Natasha\cb1 \
\cb3   3117 | D:3      | Killed Natasha\cb1 \
\cb3   3188 | D:3      | Learned a level 4 spell: Fulminant Prism\cb1 \
\cb3   3830 | D:4      | Reached skill level 5 in Conjurations\cb1 \
\cb3   3830 | D:4      | Reached XP level 6. HP: 44/44 MP: 5/11\cb1 \
\cb3   3944 | D:4      | Reached skill level 4 in Spellcasting\cb1 \
\cb3   3944 | D:4      | Reached skill level 1 in Alchemy\cb1 \
\cb3   4068 | D:4      | Found a glowing golden altar of the Shining One.\cb1 \
\cb3   4121 | D:4      | Reached skill level 2 in Alchemy\cb1 \
\cb3   4421 | D:4      | Found Buquukkayr's Assorted Antiques.\cb1 \
\cb3   4424 | D:4      | Bought a scroll labelled NAEMMA KOME for 25 gold pieces\cb1 \
\cb3   4424 | D:4      | Bought an inky potion for 22 gold pieces\cb1 \
\cb3   4424 | D:4      | Bought a murky red potion for 22 gold pieces\cb1 \
\cb3   4526 | D:4      | Found Nigyt's Fire Supplies.\cb1 \
\cb3   4644 | D:4      | Reached skill level 3 in Alchemy\cb1 \
\cb3   4644 | D:4      | Reached XP level 7. HP: 41/50 MP: 4/13\cb1 \
\cb3   4866 | D:5      | Entered Level 5 of the Dungeon\cb1 \
\cb3   4940 | D:5      | HP: 9/50 [ogre/+0 giant club (31)]\cb1 \
\cb3   4943 | D:5      | Reached skill level 4 in Alchemy\cb1 \
\cb3   5324 | D:5      | Noticed Grinder\cb1 \
\cb3   5449 | D:5      | Reached skill level 5 in Alchemy\cb1 \
\cb3   6091 | D:5      | Reached skill level 6 in Alchemy\cb1 \
\cb3   6215 | D:5      | Learned a level 4 spell: Iskenderun's Mystic Blast\cb1 \
\cb3   6305 | D:6      | Reached XP level 8. HP: 56/56 MP: 8/14\cb1 \
\cb3   6417 | D:6      | Reached skill level 7 in Alchemy\cb1 \
\cb3   6544 | D:6      | Found a staircase to the Ecumenical Temple.\cb1 \
\cb3   6590 | Temple   | Entered the Ecumenical Temple\cb1 \
\cb3   6611 | Temple   | Became a worshipper of Ashenzari the Shackled\cb1 \
\cb3   6760 | D:6      | Reached skill level 6 in Conjurations\cb1 \
\cb3   7107 | D:6      | Found a snail-covered altar of Cheibriados.\cb1 \
\cb3   7350 | D:6      | Reached skill level 7 in Conjurations\cb1 \
\cb3   7973 | D:7      | Noticed a hornet\cb1 \
\cb3   7978 | D:7      | Reached XP level 9. HP: 56/61 MP: 2/16\cb1 \
\cb3   7986 | D:7      | Killed a hornet\cb1 \
\cb3   7987 | D:7      | Reached skill level 2 in Translocations\cb1 \
\cb3   7990 | D:7      | HP: 30/61 [poisoned by a hornet]\cb1 \
\cb3   8150 | D:7      | Found Teton's Book Boutique.\cb1 \
\cb3   8244 | D:7      | Reached skill level 3 in Translocations\cb1 \
\cb3   8339 | D:7      | Found a hazy altar of Hepliaklqana.\cb1 \
\cb3   8454 | D:7      | HP: 27/61 [wraith (7)]\cb1 \
\cb3   8458 | D:7      | HP: 9/61 [wraith (10)]\cb1 \
\cb3   8461 | D:7      | HP: 4/61 [wraith (4)]\cb1 \
\cb3   8464 | D:7      | Reached skill level 4 in Translocations\cb1 \
\cb3   8739 | D:7      | Found Zifey's Magic Scroll Shoppe.\cb1 \
\cb3   8783 | D:7      | Bought a scroll of fear for 40 gold pieces\cb1 \
\cb3   8783 | D:7      | Bought a scroll of teleportation for 30 gold pieces\cb1 \
\cb3   8856 | D:7      | Reached * piety under Ashenzari\cb1 \
\cb3   8856 | D:7      | Reached ** piety under Ashenzari\cb1 \
\cb3   9085 | D:8      | Reached skill level 5 in Translocations\cb1 \
\cb3   9306 | D:8      | HP: 21/61 [steam dragon/ball of steam (20)]\cb1 \
\cb3   9545 | D:8      | Reached skill level 6 in Translocations\cb1 \
\cb3  10435 | D:9      | Reached skill level 3 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3  10475 | D:9      | Found an iron altar of Okawaru.\cb1 \
\cb3  10477 | D:9      | Found a sacrificial altar of Ru.\cb1 \
\cb3  10478 | D:9      | Found a bloodstained altar of Trog.\cb1 \
\cb3  10484 | D:9      | Found an opulent altar of Gozag.\cb1 \
\cb3  10485 | D:9      | Found a shimmering altar of Xom.\cb1 \
\cb3  10489 | D:9      | Found a white marble altar of Elyvilon.\cb1 \
\cb3  10493 | D:9      | Found an ancient bone altar of Kikubaaqudgha.\cb1 \
\cb3  10497 | D:9      | Found a shimmering blue altar of Sif Muna.\cb1 \
\cb3  10498 | D:9      | Found a glowing silver altar of Zin.\cb1 \
\cb3  10663 | D:9      | Found a stormy altar of Qazlal.\cb1 \
\cb3  10690 | D:9      | Noticed a kobold demonologist\cb1 \
\cb3  10691 | D:9      | Noticed a polar bear\cb1 \
\cb3  10814 | D:9      | Reached skill level 4 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3  10904 | D:9      | Noticed a kobold demonologist\cb1 \
\cb3  10916 | D:9      | Reached XP level 10. HP: 72/75 MP: 12/18\cb1 \
\cb3  10922 | D:9      | Killed a kobold demonologist\cb1 \
\cb3  10923 | D:9      | Reached skill level 5 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3  10923 | D:9      | Reached skill level 5 in Spellcasting\cb1 \
\cb3  11325 | D:9      | Reached skill level 1 in Evocations\cb1 \
\cb3  11445 | D:9      | HP: 38/77 [acid dragon (6)]\cb1 \
\cb3  11450 | D:9      | HP: 24/77 [acid dragon (1)]\cb1 \
\cb3  11596 | D:9      | Reached skill level 6 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3  12102 | D:9      | Reached skill level 6 in Spellcasting\cb1 \
\cb3  12260 | D:9      | Found a staircase to the Orcish Mines.\cb1 \
\cb3  12335 | D:9      | Killed a kobold demonologist\cb1 \
\cb3  12458 | D:9      | Found a radiant altar of Vehumet.\cb1 \
\cb3  12822 | Orc:1    | Entered Level 1 of the Orcish Mines\cb1 \
\cb3  12844 | Orc:1    | Found a roughly hewn altar of Beogh.\cb1 \
\cb3  12854 | Orc:1    | Noticed a kobold blastminer\cb1 \
\cb3  12856 | Orc:1    | Reached *** piety under Ashenzari\cb1 \
\cb3  12865 | Orc:1    | Noticed Jorgrun\cb1 \
\cb3  12866 | Orc:1    | Killed a kobold blastminer\cb1 \
\cb3  12867 | Orc:1    | Reached skill level 3 in Dodging\cb1 \
\cb3  12974 | D:10     | Entered Level 10 of the Dungeon\cb1 \
\cb3  12993 | D:10     | Identified a scroll of acquirement\cb1 \
\cb3  13021 | D:10     | Reached skill level 4 in Dodging\cb1 \
\cb3  13122 | D:10     | Reached XP level 11. HP: 87/87 MP: 3/23\cb1 \
\cb3  13309 | D:10     | Acquired the +0 buckler "Mat Ehyuzy" \{rF+ rC+ Str+5\}\cb1 \
\cb3  13500 | D:10     | Reached skill level 5 in Dodging\cb1 \
\cb3  13629 | D:10     | You fall into a shaft and drop 2 floors!\cb1 \
\cb3  13786 | D:12     | Noticed a two-headed ogre\cb1 \
\cb3  13835 | D:12     | Noticed a deep elf pyromancer\cb1 \
\cb3  13847 | D:12     | Killed a two-headed ogre\cb1 \
\cb3  13848 | D:12     | Reached skill level 6 in Dodging\cb1 \
\cb3  13861 | D:12     | Noticed Erolcha\cb1 \
\cb3  13865 | D:12     | HP: 41/83 [slime creature (3)]\cb1 \
\cb3  13871 | D:12     | Noticed a two-headed ogre\cb1 \
\cb3  13881 | D:12     | HP: 29/83 [gargoyle/stone arrow (16)]\cb1 \
\cb3  13898 | D:12     | Noticed a two-headed ogre\cb1 \
\cb3  14681 | D:11     | Found a runed translucent door.\cb1 \
\cb3  14716 | D:11     | Noticed kutta1's ghost (journeyman TrAr)\cb1 \
\cb3  14732 | D:11     | HP: 37/83 [vampire mosquito (7)]\cb1 \
\cb3  14737 | D:11     | HP: 17/83 [vampire mosquito (3)]\cb1 \
\cb3  14776 | D:11     | HP: 39/83 [wraith (8)]\cb1 \
\cb3  14780 | D:11     | Reached skill level 7 in Dodging\cb1 \
\cb3  15173 | D:11     | Noticed a two-headed ogre\cb1 \
\cb3  15180 | D:11     | HP: 28/83 [two-headed ogre/+0 giant club (27)]\cb1 \
\cb3  15181 | D:11     | HP: 11/83 [two-headed ogre/+0 giant club (18)]\cb1 \
\cb3  15181 | D:11     | HP: 4/83 [two-headed ogre/+0 giant club (7)]\cb1 \
\cb3  15183 | D:11     | Killed a two-headed ogre\cb1 \
\cb3  15184 | D:11     | Reached skill level 8 in Dodging\cb1 \
\cb3  15481 | D:11     | Noticed Urug\cb1 \
\cb3  15494 | D:11     | Killed Urug\cb1 \
\cb3  15495 | D:11     | Reached skill level 9 in Dodging\cb1 \
\cb3  15496 | D:11     | HP: 41/83 [yak (7)]\cb1 \
\cb3  15502 | D:11     | HP: 23/83 [yak (8)]\cb1 \
\cb3  15507 | D:11     | HP: 16/83 [yak (7)]\cb1 \
\cb3  15745 | D:11     | Noticed a deep elf pyromancer\cb1 \
\cb3  15760 | D:11     | HP: 41/83 [elephant (2)]\cb1 \
\cb3  15762 | D:11     | Reached skill level 7 in Spellcasting\cb1 \
\cb3  15762 | D:11     | HP: 20/83 [fire elemental[a deep elf pyromancer] (2)]\cb1 \
\cb3  15780 | D:11     | HP: 25/83 [fire elemental[a deep elf pyromancer] (2)]\cb1 \
\cb3  15964 | D:11     | Reached skill level 1 in Short Blades\cb1 \
\cb3  15972 | D:11     | Reached skill level 2 in Short Blades\cb1 \
\cb3  15988 | D:11     | HP: 34/83 [yak (14)]\cb1 \
\cb3  16230 | D:11     | Reached XP level 12. HP: 89/89 MP: 9/22\cb1 \
\cb3  16409 | D:11     | Reached skill level 3 in Short Blades\cb1 \
\cb3  16764 | D:11     | HP: 43/89 [two-headed ogre zombie (5)]\cb1 \
\cb3  16776 | D:11     | HP: 26/89 [two-headed ogre zombie (3)]\cb1 \
\cb3  17044 | D:11     | Found a staircase to the Lair.\cb1 \
\cb3  17520 | D:11     | Reached skill level 8 in Spellcasting\cb1 \
\cb3  17639 | D:11     | Noticed an ogre mage\cb1 \
\cb3  17656 | D:11     | Killed an ogre mage\cb1 \
\cb3  17906 | Lair:1   | Entered Level 1 of the Lair of Beasts\cb1 \
\cb3  17944 | Lair:1   | Noticed Joseph\cb1 \
\cb3  17958 | Lair:1   | Killed Joseph\cb1 \
\cb3  18193 | Lair:1   | Reached skill level 1 in Armour\cb1 \
\cb3  18374 | Lair:1   | Reached skill level 2 in Armour\cb1 \
\cb3  18666 | Lair:1   | Reached skill level 3 in Armour\cb1 \
\cb3  18998 | Lair:1   | Reached skill level 4 in Armour\cb1 \
\cb3  19581 | Lair:2   | Noticed Amaemon\cb1 \
\cb3  19596 | Lair:2   | Killed Amaemon\cb1 \
\cb3  19597 | Lair:2   | Reached skill level 5 in Armour\cb1 \
\cb3  19986 | Lair:2   | Reached skill level 6 in Armour\cb1 \
\cb3  20361 | Lair:2   | MackTheMacaw: !subscribe\cb1 \
\cb3  20361 | Lair:2   | beem: Subscribed. I will now watch all games of user\cb1 \
\cb3                   | MackTheMacaw.\cb1 \
\cb3  20436 | Lair:2   | Reached skill level 7 in Armour\cb1 \
\cb3  20791 | Lair:2   | HP: 40/92 [elephant (14)]\cb1 \
\cb3  20797 | Lair:2   | HP: 29/92 [elephant (3)]\cb1 \
\cb3  20990 | Lair:2   | Reached XP level 13. HP: 90/98 MP: 1/26\cb1 \
\cb3  21117 | Lair:2   | Reached skill level 8 in Armour\cb1 \
\cb3  22107 | Lair:2   | Reached skill level 9 in Armour\cb1 \
\cb3  22230 | Lair:2   | Found a staircase to the Swamp.\cb1 \
\cb3  22382 | Lair:3   | Reached skill level 7 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3  23028 | Lair:3   | Reached skill level 8 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3  23461 | Lair:3   | Reached **** piety under Ashenzari\cb1 \
\cb3  23461 | Lair:3   | Reached ***** piety under Ashenzari\cb1 \
\cb3  23487 | Lair:3   | Reached skill level 2 in Evocations\cb1 \
\cb3  23662 | Lair:3   | Reached skill level 3 in Evocations\cb1 \
\cb3  23711 | Lair:3   | Identified the +2 robe of Untold Secrets \{Str+6\}\cb1 \
\cb3  23761 | Lair:3   | Reached skill level 1 in Shields\cb1 \
\cb3  23881 | Lair:3   | Found a hole to the Spider Nest.\cb1 \
\cb3  24426 | Lair:4   | Reached skill level 2 in Shields\cb1 \
\cb3  24697 | Lair:4   | Found a staircase to the Slime Pits.\cb1 \
\cb3  24938 | Lair:4   | Reached skill level 3 in Shields\cb1 \
\cb3  25307 | Lair:3   | HP: 53/106 [poisoned by a cane toad]\cb1 \
\cb3  25312 | Lair:3   | HP: 49/106 [poisoned by a cane toad]\cb1 \
\cb3  25473 | Lair:4   | Reached skill level 9 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3  27054 | Lair:5   | Entered Level 5 of the Lair of Beasts\cb1 \
\cb3  27413 | Lair:5   | Reached XP level 14. HP: 115/115 MP: 11/29\cb1 \
\cb3  27707 | Lair:5   | Reached skill level 9 in Spellcasting\cb1 \
\cb3  28222 | Lair:5   | Reached ****** piety under Ashenzari\cb1 \
\cb3  28246 | Lair:5   | Acquired a bismuth supermodule \{rElec rC+ Regen+ RegenMP+\}\cb1 \
\cb3  28299 | Lair:5   | Reached skill level 10 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3  28369 | Lair:5   | Reached skill level 11 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3  28369 | Lair:5   | Reached XP level 15. HP: 126/126 MP: 31/31\cb1 \
\cb3  28765 | Lair:5   | Noticed Snorg\cb1 \
\cb3  28777 | Lair:5   | Killed Snorg\cb1 \
\cb3  28876 | Lair:5   | Reached skill level 10 in Armour\cb1 \
\cb3  29853 | Lair:5   | Reached skill level 1 in Maces & Flails\cb1 \
\cb3  29909 | Lair:5   | Reached skill level 2 in Maces & Flails\cb1 \
\cb3  29918 | Lair:5   | Reached skill level 3 in Maces & Flails\cb1 \
\cb3  29990 | Lair:5   | Reached skill level 4 in Maces & Flails\cb1 \
\cb3  30142 | Lair:5   | Reached skill level 5 in Maces & Flails\cb1 \
\cb3  30571 | Lair:5   | Reached skill level 6 in Maces & Flails\cb1 \
\cb3  30604 | Lair:5   | Found the necklace of Bloodlust \{Fury *Rage Will++ Int-3\cb1 \
\cb3                   | Slay+6\}\cb1 \
\cb3  31232 | D:2      | Killed Sigmund\cb1 \
\cb3  31326 | D:5      | Killed Grinder\cb1 \
\cb3  31661 | Orc:1    | Killed Jorgrun\cb1 \
\cb3  31788 | Orc:1    | Noticed an orc warlord\cb1 \
\cb3  31848 | Orc:1    | Reached skill level 7 in Maces & Flails\cb1 \
\cb3  31871 | D:9      | Killed an orc warlord\cb1 \
\cb3  32036 | Orc:1    | Found a burning altar of Makhleb.\cb1 \
\cb3  32383 | Orc:2    | Entered Level 2 of the Orcish Mines\cb1 \
\cb3  32383 | Orc:2    | Found Oceni's Book Boutique.\cb1 \
\cb3  32715 | Orc:2    | Reached skill level 8 in Maces & Flails\cb1 \
\cb3  32722 | Orc:2    | Reached XP level 16. HP: 132/132 MP: 11/31\cb1 \
\cb3  33090 | Orc:2    | Found Okhlihish's Antique Armour Emporium.\cb1 \
\cb3  33090 | Orc:2    | Found Asywned's Weapon Shop.\cb1 \
\cb3  33097 | Orc:2    | Reached skill level 9 in Maces & Flails\cb1 \
\cb3  33111 | Orc:2    | Found Myilufon's Antique Weapon Emporium.\cb1 \
\cb3  33111 | Orc:2    | Found Tifrefolit's Weapon Shop.\cb1 \
\cb3  33151 | Orc:2    | Found a staircase to the Elven Halls.\cb1 \
\cb3  33239 | Orc:2    | Found Cenihoam's Magic Scroll Emporium.\cb1 \
\cb3  33247 | Orc:2    | Bought a scroll of blinking for 135 gold pieces\cb1 \
\cb3  33247 | Orc:2    | Bought a scroll of fear for 72 gold pieces\cb1 \
\cb3  33247 | Orc:2    | Bought a scroll of enchant weapon for 135 gold pieces\cb1 \
\cb3  33247 | Orc:2    | Bought a scroll of vulnerability for 72 gold pieces\cb1 \
\cb3  33247 | Orc:2    | Bought a scroll of fear for 72 gold pieces\cb1 \
\cb3  33247 | Orc:2    | Bought a scroll of summoning for 171 gold pieces\cb1 \
\cb3  33968 | D:12     | Killed Erolcha\cb1 \
\cb3  34043 | D:12     | Reached skill level 12 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3  34477 | D:13     | Found Xifish's General Store.\cb1 \
\cb3  34712 | D:13     | Found a portal to a secret trove of treasure.\cb1 \
\cb3  35195 | D:14     | Noticed Nessos\cb1 \
\cb3  35250 | D:13     | Reached skill level 4 in Evocations\cb1 \
\cb3  35414 | D:13     | Identified the cursed scarf "Share My Negation" \{rC+ rF+,\cb1 \
\cb3                   | Fort, Cun\} (You found it on level 8 of the Dungeon)\cb1 \
\cb3  35414 | D:13     | Identified the cursed +2 helmet of Ashenzari's Repose\cb1 \
\cb3                   | \{Elem, Self\} (You found it on level 5 of the Dungeon)\cb1 \
\cb3  35414 | D:13     | Identified the cursed +2 pair of gloves of the Fated\cb1 \
\cb3                   | Limitation \{Elem, Cun\} (You found it on level 1 of the Lair\cb1 \
\cb3                   | of Beasts)\cb1 \
\cb3  35414 | D:13     | Identified the cursed +2 pair of boots "Chained Together"\cb1 \
\cb3                   | \{Sorc, Cun\} (You found it on level 5 of the Dungeon)\cb1 \
\cb3  35414 | D:13     | Identified the cursed +4 ring mail "Negligence of\cb1 \
\cb3                   | Ashenzari" \{Elem, Sorc\} (You found it on level 2 of the\cb1 \
\cb3                   | Dungeon)\cb1 \
\cb3  35537 | D:14     | Found Irol Noj's Tiny Tomes.\cb1 \
\cb3  35545 | D:14     | Bought Uclates's Vellum of the Summer for 196 gold pieces\cb1 \
\cb3  35552 | D:14     | Learned a level 2 spell: Blink\cb1 \
\cb3  35559 | D:14     | Learned a level 6 spell: Starburst\cb1 \
\cb3  35645 | D:14     | Reached skill level 1 in Fire Magic\cb1 \
\cb3  35679 | D:14     | HP: 65/136 [poisoned by a green ugly thing]\cb1 \
\cb3  35681 | D:14     | Killed Nessos\cb1 \
\cb3  35682 | D:14     | Reached skill level 2 in Fire Magic\cb1 \
\cb3  35862 | D:14     | Reached skill level 3 in Fire Magic\cb1 \
\cb3  36181 | D:14     | Found a gate to the Vaults.\cb1 \
\cb3  36373 | D:15     | Entered Level 15 of the Dungeon\cb1 \
\cb3  36411 | D:15     | Reached skill level 4 in Fire Magic\cb1 \
\cb3  36674 | D:15     | Reached skill level 5 in Fire Magic\cb1 \
\cb3  36972 | D:15     | Found a stormy altar of Qazlal.\cb1 \
\cb3  37118 | D:15     | Reached skill level 6 in Fire Magic\cb1 \
\cb3  37165 | D:15     | Found a bloodstained altar of Trog.\cb1 \
\cb3  37165 | D:15     | Identified the +9 dagger of Valiance \{venom, rF+ SInv\cb1 \
\cb3                   | Stlth+\}\cb1 \
\cb3  37402 | D:15     | HP: 62/136 [emperor scorpion (9)]\cb1 \
\cb3  37408 | D:15     | HP: 56/136 [emperor scorpion (4)]\cb1 \
\cb3  37686 | D:15     | Found a staircase to the Depths.\cb1 \
\cb3  38089 | Swamp:1  | Entered Level 1 of the Swamp\cb1 \
\cb3  38091 | Swamp:1  | Reached skill level 7 in Fire Magic\cb1 \
\cb3  38187 | Lair:1   | Reached XP level 17. HP: 118/142 MP: 13/32\cb1 \
\cb3  38297 | Swamp:1  | Reached skill level 8 in Conjurations\cb1 \
\cb3  38894 | Swamp:1  | Reached skill level 8 in Fire Magic\cb1 \
\cb3  39742 | Swamp:2  | Reached skill level 9 in Fire Magic\cb1 \
\cb3  40402 | Swamp:2  | Reached skill level 9 in Conjurations\cb1 \
\cb3  41086 | Swamp:3  | Identified the serpent talisman "Guikaar" \{Will++ Int-4\}\cb1 \
\cb3  41086 | Swamp:3  | Noticed Aizul\cb1 \
\cb3  41099 | Swamp:3  | Reached skill level 10 in Fire Magic\cb1 \
\cb3  41298 | Swamp:3  | HP: 64/142 [poisoned by Aizul (bolt of poison)]\cb1 \
\cb3  41299 | Swamp:3  | HP: 28/142 [Aizul (5)]\cb1 \
\cb3  41306 | Swamp:3  | HP: 47/142 [Aizul/bolt of poison (10)]\cb1 \
\cb3  41311 | Swamp:3  | Killed Aizul\cb1 \
\cb3  41742 | Swamp:4  | Entered Level 4 of the Swamp\cb1 \
\cb3  42085 | Swamp:4  | Reached skill level 11 in Fire Magic\cb1 \
\cb3  42534 | Swamp:4  | Reached skill level 12 in Fire Magic\cb1 \
\cb3  42534 | Swamp:4  | Reached XP level 18. HP: 132/149 MP: 19/33\cb1 \
\cb3  42699 | Swamp:4  | Got a decaying rune of Zot\cb1 \
\cb3  43444 | D:7      | Bought a scroll of enchant armour for 75 gold pieces\cb1 \
\cb3  43696 | Spider:1 | Entered Level 1 of the Spider Nest\cb1 \
\cb3  43696 | Spider:1 | Noticed Rupert\cb1 \
\cb3  43744 | Lair:3   | Upgraded the game from 0.32-a0-999-gfa1cc04b1d to\cb1 \
\cb3                   | 0.32-a0-1020-g9de2d02d68\cb1 \
\cb3  43744 | Lair:3   | spidder: papa\cb1 \
\cb3  43927 | Vaults:1 | Entered Level 1 of the Vaults\cb1 \
\cb3  44002 | Vaults:1 | Reached skill level 13 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3  44215 | Vaults:1 | HP: 72/149 [ironbound thunderhulk/bolt of lightning (13)]\cb1 \
\cb3  44235 | Vaults:1 | HP: 61/149 [formless jellyfish (30)]\cb1 \
\cb3  44235 | Vaults:1 | Paralysed by a formless jellyfish for 1 turns\cb1 \
\cb3  44441 | Vaults:1 | HP: 75/151 [yaktaur captain/bolt (20)]\cb1 \
\cb3  44454 | Vaults:1 | Reached skill level 14 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3  44526 | Vaults:1 | Found a magical portal.\cb1 \
\cb3  44540 | WizLab   | Entered Wucad Mu's Monastery\cb1 \
\cb3  45446 | Vaults:1 | Reached skill level 13 in Fire Magic\cb1 \
\cb3  45641 | Vaults:2 | Identified the ring of Uskayaw's Supremacy \{rC+ AC+4 Int+7\}\cb1 \
\cb3  45929 | Vaults:2 | Identified the +4 mace of Twilight \{freeze, Dex+2\}\cb1 \
\cb3  45957 | Vaults:2 | Identified the +2 robe "Ishruth" \{Harm rPois rN+\}\cb1 \
\cb3  45959 | Vaults:2 | Identified the staff of Departure \{Will+ rCorr Earth\}\cb1 \
\cb3  46096 | Vaults:2 | Reached skill level 14 in Fire Magic\cb1 \
\cb3  46898 | Vaults:3 | Reached XP level 19. HP: 105/161 MP: 5/34\cb1 \
\cb3  46903 | Vaults:3 | HP: 80/161 [vault guard/+1 great mace[a vault warden] (10)]\cb1 \
\cb3  47062 | Vaults:3 | HP: 69/161 [ancient champion/iron shot (22)]\cb1 \
\cb3  47189 | Vaults:3 | Found a staircase to the Crypt.\cb1 \
\cb3  47585 | D:4      | Bought Asmodeus's Catalogue of Lava for 784 gold pieces\cb1 \
\cb3  47595 | D:4      | Learned a level 8 spell: Ignition\cb1 \
\cb3  47928 | Vaults:3 | Reached skill level 15 in Fire Magic\cb1 \
\cb3  48434 | Vaults:3 | Identified the ring "Ugemaaru" \{Fire rN+ Str-5 Int+2 Dex+5\}\cb1 \
\cb3  48441 | Vaults:3 | Found a transporter.\cb1 \
\cb3  48487 | Vaults:3 | Identified the +1 ring mail "Neepnik" \{rC+ Dex+2\}\cb1 \
\cb3  48515 | Vaults:3 | Found a transporter.\cb1 \
\cb3  48517 | Vaults:3 | Noticed howech's ghost (veteran MiGl)\cb1 \
\cb3  49420 | Vaults:4 | Reached skill level 16 in Fire Magic\cb1 \
\cb3  49800 | Vaults:4 | HP: 76/161 [vault warden/+2 great mace (20)]\cb1 \
\cb3  49806 | Vaults:4 | HP: 62/161 [ironbound frostheart/creeping frost (3)]\cb1 \
\cb3  49814 | Vaults:4 | HP: 51/161 [yaktaur[a yaktaur captain] (3)]\cb1 \
\cb3  49821 | Vaults:4 | HP: 56/161 [ironbound frostheart (2)]\cb1 \
\cb3  50026 | Vaults:4 | Noticed Zenata\cb1 \
\cb3  50035 | Vaults:4 | HP: 64/161 [yaktaur captain/bolt (30)]\cb1 \
\cb3  50036 | Vaults:4 | Reached skill level 17 in Fire Magic\cb1 \
\cb3  50399 | Vaults:4 | HP: 61/161 [war gargoyle/+0 dire flail[a peacekeeper] (27)]\cb1 \
\cb3  50402 | Vaults:4 | HP: 28/241 [war gargoyle/+0 dire flail[a peacekeeper] (13)]\cb1 \
\cb3  50901 | Vaults:4 | Paralysed by a sphinx for 4 turns\cb1 \
\cb3  51241 | Elf:1    | Entered Level 1 of the Elven Halls\cb1 \
\cb3  51270 | Elf:1    | Found a radiant altar of Vehumet.\cb1 \
\cb3  51300 | Elf:1    | Paralysed by an air elemental for 1 turns\cb1 \
\cb3  51324 | Elf:1    | Paralysed by an air elemental for 1 turns\cb1 \
\cb3  51689 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51689 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51689 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51689 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51690 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51690 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51704 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51705 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51705 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51705 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51705 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51740 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51741 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51742 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51754 | Elf:1    | HP: 64/161 [+1 glaive of protection (30)]\cb1 \
\cb3  51867 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51867 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51867 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51868 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51869 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51870 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51874 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51884 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51885 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51885 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  51982 | Elf:1    | Reached XP level 20. HP: 168/168 MP: 28/35\cb1 \
\cb3  52204 | Elf:1    | Reached skill level 18 in Fire Magic\cb1 \
\cb3  52290 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  52290 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  52290 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  52290 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  52290 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  52291 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  52292 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  52305 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  52305 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  52309 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  52310 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  52310 | Elf:1    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  52824 | Elf:1    | Found a roughly hewn altar of Beogh.\cb1 \
\cb3  52848 | Elf:1    | Found a corrupted altar of Lugonu.\cb1 \
\cb3  52926 | Elf:1    | Noticed a hellephant\cb1 \
\cb3  53223 | Elf:2    | Learned a level 5 spell: Summon Forest\cb1 \
\cb3  53280 | Elf:2    | Reached skill level 1 in Summonings\cb1 \
\cb3  53509 | Elf:2    | Reached skill level 2 in Summonings\cb1 \
\cb3  53513 | Elf:2    | Reached skill level 3 in Summonings\cb1 \
\cb3  53763 | Elf:2    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  53763 | Elf:2    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  53773 | Elf:2    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  53922 | Elf:2    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  53922 | Elf:2    | Found a huge runed translucent gate.\cb1 \
\cb3  53980 | Elf:3    | Entered Level 3 of the Elven Halls\cb1 \
\cb3  53986 | Elf:3    | Reached skill level 4 in Summonings\cb1 \
\cb3  54002 | Elf:3    | HP: 73/168 [+0 trident of freezing (17)]\cb1 \
\cb3  54241 | Elf:3    | Reached skill level 5 in Summonings\cb1 \
\cb3  54297 | Elf:3    | Found Eteuren's Antique Weapon Shop.\cb1 \
\cb3  54301 | Elf:3    | Found Nufisk's Antique Armour Boutique.\cb1 \
\cb3  54302 | Elf:3    | Found Pinics's General Store.\cb1 \
\cb3  54309 | Elf:3    | Bought a scroll of blinking for 105 gold pieces\cb1 \
\cb3  54309 | Elf:3    | Bought a scroll of summoning for 133 gold pieces\cb1 \
\cb3  54841 | Abyss:3  | Cast into level 3 of the Abyss (a deep elf sorcerer)\cb1 \
\cb3  54871 | Abyss:3  | Reached skill level 6 in Summonings\cb1 \
\cb3  54963 | Abyss:3  | Noticed a hellephant\cb1 \
\cb3  54965 | Abyss:3  | Noticed a hellephant\cb1 \
\cb3  55213 | Abyss:3  | HP: 80/168 [large abomination (9)]\cb1 \
\cb3  55291 | Abyss:3  | HP: 63/134 [anaconda skeleton (6)]\cb1 \
\cb3  55296 | Abyss:3  | HP: 60/132 [anaconda skeleton (1)]\cb1 \
\cb3  55327 | Abyss:3  | Noticed a pearl dragon\cb1 \
\cb3  55367 | Abyss:3  | Reached skill level 7 in Summonings\cb1 \
\cb3  55504 | Elf:3    | Escaped the Abyss\cb1 \
\cb3  55565 | Elf:3    | Reached skill level 3 in Stealth\cb1 \
\cb3  55585 | Elf:3    | Noticed a Brimstone Fiend\cb1 \
\cb3  55653 | Elf:3    | Reached skill level 7 in Translocations\cb1 \
\cb3  55803 | Elf:3    | Identified the +2 ring mail of Privacy \{Fly rF+ Dex-2\}\cb1 \
\cb3  55803 | Elf:3    | Identified the ring of Betis \{rF- rC+ rN+ Str+2 Int+2\}\cb1 \
\cb3  55803 | Elf:3    | Identified the amulet of No Interval \{Reflect Harm rF+\cb1 \
\cb3                   | Str+4 Dex-2 SH+5\}\cb1 \
\cb3  55810 | Elf:3    | HP: 61/165 [deep elf master archer/arrow (28)]\cb1 \
\cb3  55811 | Elf:3    | Identified the +0 ring mail "Suroaj" \{rN++ Will+ Regen+\cb1 \
\cb3                   | Str-5\}\cb1 \
\cb3  56445 | Elf:3    | HP: 67/168 [deep elf master archer/arrow (31)]\cb1 \
\cb3  56449 | Elf:3    | Reached skill level 8 in Summonings\cb1 \
\cb3  56557 | Elf:3    | Reached skill level 8 in Translocations\cb1 \
\cb3  56715 | Elf:3    | Identified the +2 robe of Unbearable Happiness \{+Inv rC-\cb1 \
\cb3                   | rCorr Str+5\}\cb1 \
\cb3  56828 | Elf:3    | Identified the ring "Exuthrau" \{+Blink rC+ Dex+6\}\cb1 \
\cb3  56898 | Elf:3    | Identified the +0 ring mail of the Crushed Deaths \{^Contam\cb1 \
\cb3                   | rElec rC+ Int+2\}\cb1 \
\cb3  56899 | Elf:3    | Identified the staff of Beogh's Generosity \{rF+ Will+ MP+9\cb1 \
\cb3                   | Fire\}\cb1 \
\cb3  57223 | Elf:3    | Upgraded the game from 0.32-a0-1020-g9de2d02d68 to\cb1 \
\cb3                   | 0.32-a0-1028-gf613fa27ca\cb1 \
\cb3  57482 | D:7      | Bought a scroll of revelation for 75 gold pieces\cb1 \
\cb3  57482 | D:7      | Bought a scroll of revelation for 75 gold pieces\cb1 \
\cb3  57654 | D:13     | Bought a scroll of teleportation for 48 gold pieces\cb1 \
\cb3  57654 | D:13     | Bought 2 potions of mutation for 256 gold pieces\cb1 \
\cb3  57810 | Vaults:3 | Learned a level 1 spell: Apportation\cb1 \
\cb3  57816 | Vaults:3 | Learned a level 5 spell: Summon Mana Viper\cb1 \
\cb3  58100 | Spider:1 | Killed Rupert\cb1 \
\cb3  58101 | Spider:1 | Reached skill level 9 in Summonings\cb1 \
\cb3  58101 | Spider:1 | Reached XP level 21. HP: 157/174 MP: 23/36\cb1 \
\cb3  58102 | Spider:1 | Reached skill level 1 in Hexes\cb1 \
\cb3  58171 | Spider:1 | Reached skill level 2 in Hexes\cb1 \
\cb3  58172 | Spider:1 | Reached skill level 3 in Hexes\cb1 \
\cb3  58174 | Spider:1 | Noticed Donald\cb1 \
\cb3  58232 | Spider:1 | Reached skill level 4 in Hexes\cb1 \
\cb3  58235 | Lair:3   | HP: 72/161 [Donald/+2 scimitar of draining (23)]\cb1 \
\cb3  58239 | Lair:3   | Killed Donald\cb1 \
\cb3  58653 | Spider:2 | Reached skill level 5 in Hexes\cb1 \
\cb3  59074 | Spider:2 | Reached skill level 6 in Hexes\cb1 \
\cb3  59153 | Spider:2 | HP: 60/149 [jorogumo/bolt of negative energy (36)]\cb1 \
\cb3  59421 | Spider:2 | Reached skill level 7 in Hexes\cb1 \
\cb3  59429 | Spider:2 | HP: 75/157 [culicivora (12)]\cb1 \
\cb3  59434 | Spider:2 | HP: 66/157 [culicivora (12)]\cb1 \
\cb3  60807 | Spider:3 | Reached skill level 10 in Summonings\cb1 \
\cb3  60953 | Spider:3 | Reached skill level 11 in Summonings\cb1 \
\cb3  60962 | Spider:3 | Learned a level 6 spell: Summon Cactus Giant\cb1 \
\cb3  61120 | Spider:3 | Identified the +4 executioner's axe of Xol Jiqa \{drain,\cb1 \
\cb3                   | rPois rF+ rCorr\}\cb1 \
\cb3  61144 | Spider:3 | Noticed Bai Suzhen\cb1 \
\cb3  61163 | Spider:3 | HP: 82/174 [Bai Suzhen (14)]\cb1 \
\cb3  61167 | Spider:3 | Killed Bai Suzhen\cb1 \
\cb3  61168 | Spider:3 | Reached skill level 12 in Summonings\cb1 \
\cb3  61172 | Spider:3 | HP: 77/174 [boulder beetle (11)]\cb1 \
\cb3  61183 | Spider:2 | HP: 63/174 [steelbarb worm (10)]\cb1 \
\cb3  61741 | Spider:4 | Entered Level 4 of the Spider Nest\cb1 \
\cb3  62202 | Spider:4 | Reached skill level 13 in Summonings\cb1 \
\cb3  62519 | Spider:4 | Reached XP level 22. HP: 181/181 MP: 29/37\cb1 \
\cb3  62610 | Spider:4 | Learned a level 7 spell: Summon Hydra\cb1 \
\cb3  62825 | Spider:4 | Reached skill level 14 in Summonings\cb1 \
\cb3  62854 | Spider:4 | HP: 85/181 [poisoned by a wolf spider]\cb1 \
\cb3  63131 | Spider:4 | Got a gossamer rune of Zot\cb1 \
\cb3  63449 | D:11     | Killed kutta1's ghost\cb1 \
\cb3  64226 | Elf:2    | Reached skill level 15 in Summonings\cb1 \
\cb3  65024 | Vaults:5 | Entered Level 5 of the Vaults\cb1 \
\cb3  65027 | Vaults:5 | Reached skill level 16 in Summonings\cb1 \
\cb3  65051 | Vaults:5 | HP: 83/177 [ettin/+0 dire flail (36)]\cb1 \
\cb3  65217 | Vaults:4 | Killed Zenata\cb1 \
\cb3  65473 | Vaults:4 | Reached skill level 17 in Summonings\cb1 \
\cb3  65483 | Vaults:4 | Reached skill level 5 in Evocations\cb1 \
\cb3  65567 | Vaults:5 | Paralysed by an ogre mage for 2 turns\cb1 \
\cb3  65698 | Vaults:4 | Reached skill level 6 in Evocations\cb1 \
\cb3  65802 | Vaults:5 | HP: 89/181 [stone giant/large rock (29)]\cb1 \
\cb3  65811 | Vaults:5 | Reached skill level 7 in Evocations\cb1 \
\cb3  65993 | Vaults:5 | Reached skill level 8 in Evocations\cb1 \
\cb3  66041 | Vaults:5 | Reached skill level 15 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3  66221 | Vaults:5 | Reached XP level 23. HP: 166/180 MP: 22/39\cb1 \
\cb3  66433 | Vaults:5 | Noticed an ancient lich\cb1 \
\cb3  66434 | Vaults:5 | Identified the +9 demon blade "Hell-Harrower" \{freeze, MP+9\cb1 \
\cb3                   | Dex+3\}\cb1 \
\cb3  66439 | Vaults:5 | HP: 81/187 [frost giant/+0 battleaxe of freezing (15)]\cb1 \
\cb3  66443 | Vaults:5 | HP: 33/177 [quicksilver dragon/bolt of dispelling energy\cb1 \
\cb3                   | (19)]\cb1 \
\cb3  66629 | Vaults:5 | Identified the ring of the Noxious God \{^Contam Str+2 Int-4\cb1 \
\cb3                   | Dex+4 Slay+4\}\cb1 \
\cb3  66633 | Vaults:5 | Identified the +9 ring mail of Luemywyf \{Regen+ Slay+4\cb1 \
\cb3                   | SInv\}\cb1 \
\cb3  66641 | Vaults:5 | Reached skill level 11 in Armour\cb1 \
\cb3  66692 | Vaults:5 | Identified the ring of Gaerphya \{Fly rPois Int+3 SInv\}\cb1 \
\cb3  66777 | Vaults:5 | Identified the staff of Naomeuz \{rPois Int+2 Alchemy\}\cb1 \
\cb3  66801 | Vaults:5 | Learned a level 4 spell: Passage of Golubria\cb1 \
\cb3  66964 | Vaults:5 | Reached skill level 10 in Spellcasting\cb1 \
\cb3  67110 | Vaults:5 | Identified the +0 rapier of Mitiph \{freeze, *Noise Str+2\cb1 \
\cb3                   | Dex+8\}\cb1 \
\cb3  67130 | Vaults:5 | HP: 54/177 [ancient lich/crystal spear (102)]\cb1 \
\cb3  67265 | Vaults:5 | HP: 67/178 [titan/the air (33)]\cb1 \
\cb3  67273 | Vaults:4 | HP: 41/189 [quicksilver dragon (7)]\cb1 \
\cb3  67274 | Vaults:4 | HP: 17/189 [quicksilver dragon/bolt of dispelling energy\cb1 \
\cb3                   | (25)]\cb1 \
\cb3  67275 | Vaults:4 | HP: 4/189 [quicksilver dragon/bolt of dispelling energy\cb1 \
\cb3                   | (14)]\cb1 \
\cb3  67634 | Vaults:5 | Reached skill level 11 in Spellcasting\cb1 \
\cb3  67706 | Vaults:5 | HP: 70/171 [tengu reaver/bolt of poison (21)]\cb1 \
\cb3  67711 | Vaults:5 | HP: 39/175 [poisoned by a tengu reaver (bolt of poison)]\cb1 \
\cb3  67716 | Vaults:5 | HP: 46/175 [poisoned by a tengu reaver (bolt of poison)]\cb1 \
\cb3  67729 | Vaults:5 | HP: 86/175 [frost giant/bolt of cold (8)]\cb1 \
\cb3  67735 | Vaults:5 | HP: 70/176 [frost giant/bolt of cold (6)]\cb1 \
\cb3  67940 | Vaults:5 | Got a silver rune of Zot\cb1 \
\cb3  67955 | Vaults:5 | HP: 73/181 [stone giant (30)]\cb1 \
\cb3  67961 | Vaults:4 | HP: 68/181 [titan/bolt of lightning (6)]\cb1 \
\cb3  68024 | Vaults:3 | Learned a level 6 spell: Dispersal\cb1 \
\cb3  68202 | Depths:1 | Entered Level 1 of the Depths\cb1 \
\cb3  68265 | Depths:1 | Reached skill level 9 in Translocations\cb1 \
\cb3  68516 | Depths:1 | Found a gateway to Hell.\cb1 \
\cb3  68659 | Depths:1 | Found a blossoming altar of Fedhas.\cb1 \
\cb3  68929 | Depths:1 | Reached skill level 10 in Dodging\cb1 \
\cb3  69142 | Depths:1 | Reached skill level 16 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3  69462 | Depths:1 | Found Uhuddoe's Assorted Antiques.\cb1 \
\cb3  69506 | Depths:1 | Bought a potion of curing for 96 gold pieces\cb1 \
\cb3  69506 | Depths:1 | Bought a potion of invisibility for 256 gold pieces\cb1 \
\cb3  69560 | Depths:2 | Noticed Saint Roka\cb1 \
\cb3  69635 | Depths:2 | Noticed Nikola\cb1 \
\cb3  69646 | Depths:1 | Killed Saint Roka\cb1 \
\cb3  69727 | Depths:2 | Killed Nikola\cb1 \
\cb3  69821 | Depths:2 | Reached skill level 17 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3  69862 | Depths:2 | Noticed Sojobo\cb1 \
\cb3  69877 | Depths:2 | Reached XP level 24. HP: 201/201 MP: 8/40\cb1 \
\cb3  69883 | Depths:2 | Killed Sojobo\cb1 \
\cb3  69962 | Depths:2 | Identified the +5 ring mail "Ibakkoid" \{rF+++ rC- Regen+\cb1 \
\cb3                   | Str-3\}\cb1 \
\cb3  70173 | Depths:2 | Identified the +4 robe "Ubagif" \{rN+\}\cb1 \
\cb3  70173 | Depths:2 | Noticed Boris\cb1 \
\cb3  70188 | Depths:2 | Killed Boris\cb1 \
\cb3  70437 | Depths:2 | Learned a level 7 spell: Malign Gateway\cb1 \
\cb3  70495 | Depths:2 | Found a one-way gateway to a ziggurat.\cb1 \
\cb3  70497 | Depths:2 | Found a one-way gate leading to the halls of Pandemonium.\cb1 \
\cb3  70588 | Depths:2 | Reached skill level 10 in Translocations\cb1 \
\cb3  71130 | Depths:3 | Found a shimmering blue altar of Sif Muna.\cb1 \
\cb3  71216 | Depths:3 | Reached skill level 11 in Translocations\cb1 \
\cb3  71292 | Depths:3 | Identified the +0 pair of gloves of Pandemonium \{rC++ Str+4\cb1 \
\cb3                   | Slay-3\}\cb1 \
\cb3  71442 | Depths:3 | Identified the +5 flail "Xaykyg" \{antimagic, Will+ Dex-3\cb1 \
\cb3                   | Stlth+\}\cb1 \
\cb3  71852 | Depths:3 | Found a one-way gate to the infinite horrors of the Abyss.\cb1 \
\cb3  71929 | Depths:3 | Reached skill level 12 in Spellcasting\cb1 \
\cb3  72023 | Depths:3 | HP: 94/194 [fire dragon/blast of flame (7)]\cb1 \
\cb3  72151 | Depths:3 | Identified the ring "Yxoege" \{rF++ Int+4 SInv Stlth-\}\cb1 \
\cb3  72707 | Depths:3 | Reached skill level 12 in Armour\cb1 \
\cb3  72970 | Depths:3 | Identified the +12 rapier "Jiseestrytz" \{venom, rElec rPois\cb1 \
\cb3                   | Will+\}\cb1 \
\cb3  73227 | Depths:4 | Entered Level 4 of the Depths\cb1 \
\cb3  73314 | Depths:4 | Reached skill level 13 in Armour\cb1 \
\cb3  73407 | Depths:4 | Reached XP level 25. HP: 126/210 MP: 21/42\cb1 \
\cb3  73769 | Depths:4 | Found a hazy altar of Hepliaklqana.\cb1 \
\cb3  73820 | Depths:4 | Found a gate to the Realm of Zot.\cb1 \
\cb3  73910 | Depths:4 | Identified the +3 robe of Sorcery \{Harm Int+3 SInv\}\cb1 \
\cb3  73910 | Depths:4 | Noticed Boris\cb1 \
\cb3  73917 | Depths:4 | Killed Boris\cb1 \
\cb3  74082 | Depths:4 | Reached skill level 14 in Armour\cb1 \
\cb3  74480 | Zot:1    | Entered Level 1 of the Realm of Zot\cb1 \
\cb3  74824 | Zot:1    | Reached skill level 18 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3  74984 | Zot:1    | HP: 88/212 [red draconian scorcher/damnation[a black\cb1 \
\cb3                   | draconian knight] (31)]\cb1 \
\cb3  75365 | Zot:1    | Learned a level 6 spell: Plasma Beam\cb1 \
\cb3  75800 | Zot:1    | Reached skill level 19 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3  76688 | Zot:2    | Reached skill level 20 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3  77788 | Zot:3    | Reached skill level 11 in Dodging\cb1 \
\cb3  77899 | Zot:3    | Found the +4 dragonskin cloak \{Aegis\}\cb1 \
\cb3  77899 | Zot:3    | Noticed Tiamat\cb1 \
\cb3  77911 | Zot:3    | Reached XP level 26. HP: 216/225 MP: 21/42\cb1 \
\cb3  77915 | Zot:3    | Reached skill level 12 in Dodging\cb1 \
\cb3  77923 | Zot:3    | HP: 103/225 [Tiamat/+0 bardiche of protection (24)]\cb1 \
\cb3  78318 | Zot:3    | Reached skill level 13 in Dodging\cb1 \
\cb3  78348 | Zot:3    | Killed Tiamat\cb1 \
\cb3  79104 | Zot:4    | Identified the +1 pair of gloves of Dogu Mope \{rPois MP+9\cb1 \
\cb3                   | Str-2 Int-4\}\cb1 \
\cb3  79314 | Zot:4    | Reached skill level 14 in Dodging\cb1 \
\cb3  79332 | Zot:4    | HP: 111/225 [protean progenitor (26)]\cb1 \
\cb3  79486 | Zot:3    | Gained mutation: You are clumsy. (Dex -2) [mutagenic glow]\cb1 \
\cb3  79695 | Zot:4    | Found a shimmering blue altar of Sif Muna.\cb1 \
\cb3  79933 | Zot:5    | Entered Level 5 of the Realm of Zot\cb1 \
\cb3  79986 | Zot:4    | Reached skill level 15 in Dodging\cb1 \
\cb3  80441 | Zot:5    | HP: 102/226 [purple draconian/+0 mace (12)]\cb1 \
\cb3  80505 | Zot:5    | HP: 104/226 [wandering mushroom[a curse toe] (12)]\cb1 \
\cb3  81047 | Zot:5    | Noticed a Killer Klown\cb1 \
\cb3  81059 | Zot:5    | Killed a Killer Klown\cb1 \
\cb3  81082 | Zot:5    | Noticed an orb of fire\cb1 \
\cb3  81267 | Zot:5    | Noticed a Killer Klown\cb1 \
\cb3  81268 | Zot:5    | Noticed an orb of fire\cb1 \
\cb3  81288 | Zot:5    | Killed an orb of fire\cb1 \
\cb3  81289 | Zot:5    | Reached skill level 21 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3  81467 | Zot:5    | Killed an orb of fire\cb1 \
\cb3  81474 | Zot:5    | Noticed an orb of fire\cb1 \
\cb3  81487 | Zot:5    | Killed an orb of fire\cb1 \
\cb3  81488 | Zot:5    | Reached XP level 27. HP: 183/236 MP: 41/42\cb1 \
\cb3  81625 | Zot:5    | HP: 113/238 [Orb Guardian (23)]\cb1 \
\cb3  81629 | Zot:5    | Reached skill level 22 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3  81631 | Zot:5    | HP: 116/238 [Orb Guardian (4)]\cb1 \
\cb3  81725 | Zot:5    | HP: 116/238 [Orb Guardian (10)]\cb1 \
\cb3  81810 | Zot:5    | Noticed an orb of fire\cb1 \
\cb3  81816 | Zot:5    | Gained mutation: You are frail. (-10% HP) [an orb of fire]\cb1 \
\cb3  81819 | Zot:5    | Killed an orb of fire\cb1 \
\cb3  81858 | Zot:5    | Noticed an orb of fire\cb1 \
\cb3  81873 | Zot:5    | Killed an orb of fire\cb1 \
\cb3  81875 | Zot:5    | Noticed an orb of fire\cb1 \
\cb3  81882 | Zot:5    | HP: 107/216 [orb of fire/bolt of fire (12)]\cb1 \
\cb3  81889 | Zot:5    | Killed an orb of fire\cb1 \
\cb3  81901 | Zot:5    | Noticed an orb of fire\cb1 \
\cb3  81904 | Zot:5    | HP: 90/216 [Orb Guardian (28)]\cb1 \
\cb3  82130 | Zot:5    | Killed an orb of fire\cb1 \
\cb3  82181 | Zot:5    | Noticed a dread lich\cb1 \
\cb3  82186 | Zot:5    | HP: 57/217 [???[a dread lich] (55)]\cb1 \
\cb3  82304 | Zot:5    | Killed a dread lich\cb1 \
\cb3  82305 | Zot:5    | Reached skill level 23 in Fighting\cb1 \
\cb3  82396 | Zot:5    | Got the Orb of Zot\cb1 \
\cb3  82497 | Zot:2    | HP: 62/217 [??? (59)]\cb1 \
\cb3  82581 | Depths:3 | Noticed Lefrunuz the pandemonium lord\cb1 \
\cb3  82767 | D:12     | Noticed Pihem the pandemonium lord\cb1 \
\cb3  82774 | D:12     | HP: 68/217 [??? (66)]\cb1 \
\cb3  82779 | D:11     | HP: 56/217 [balrug/fireball[Pihem] (9)]\cb1 \
\cb3  83034 | D:$      | Escaped with the Orb!\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Illustrated notes\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Levels and vault maps discovered:\cb1 \
\cb3 D:1:      dpeg_arrival_shrine, layout_basic, hellmonk_ecumenical_altar_blasted,\cb1 \
\cb3           dreamdust_mushroom_princess\cb1 \
\cb3 D:2:      minmay_inner_zag, layout_loops_corners, serial_bayou_crossing,\cb1 \
\cb3           uniq_sigmund\cb1 \
\cb3 D:3:      layout_rooms, grunt_decor_fettered, uniq_natasha\cb1 \
\cb3 D:4:      layout_loops_ring, nicolae_tso_besieged_by_evil, serial_shops,\cb1 \
\cb3           shop_statue, nicolae_shop_fire_sale [nicolae_sub_dead_trees]\cb1 \
\cb3 D:5:      layout_loops_ring, uniq_grinder\cb1 \
\cb3 D:6:      layout_basic, kennysheep_slug_shrine, temple_doors_cd\cb1 \
\cb3 D:7:      layout_basic, mainiacjoe_overflow_small_starburst, serial_shops,\cb1 \
\cb3           kennysheep_little_box, nicolae_shop_temple_entry_statues_fountains\cb1 \
\cb3 D:8:      layout_cave_pools\cb1 \
\cb3 D:9:      layout_roguey, nicolae_overflow_hallway_of_the_gods,\cb1 \
\cb3           gammafunk_temple_overflow_pools, david_orc_4, serial_ice,\cb1 \
\cb3           serial_ice_g, serial_ice_m, serial_ice_j, serial_ice_f\cb1 \
\cb3 D:10:     layout_loops_ring, serial_ice, serial_ice_k, serial_ice_a,\cb1 \
\cb3           serial_ice_c, serial_ice_h\cb1 \
\cb3 D:11:     lemuel_ogre_cave, layout_basic, grunt_lair_entry_orc_guard_hut,\cb1 \
\cb3           ebering_ghost_reflecting_pool, uniq_urug\cb1 \
\cb3 D:12:     layout_loops_ring, serial_glass, glass_columns_b, glass_columns_b,\cb1 \
\cb3           chequers_arboretum, uniq_erolcha\cb1 \
\cb3 D:13:     layout_rooms, nicolae_trove_entry_crystal, serial_shops, shop,\cb1 \
\cb3           kennysheep_generic_room_11\cb1 \
\cb3 D:14:     layout_basic, david_vaults_2, minmay_holes, roderic_batcave,\cb1 \
\cb3           nicolae_shop_i_like_small_books_too, uniq_nessos\cb1 \
\cb3 D:15:     hangedman_depths_entry_try_elsewhere_first, layout_loops_corners,\cb1 \
\cb3           bloody_trog, minivault_25, grunt_qazlal_sundering\cb1 \
\cb3 Temple:   nicolae_temple_colour_theory\cb1 \
\cb3 Lair:1:   layout_roguey, uniq_joseph\cb1 \
\cb3 Lair:2:   layout_regular_city, mainiacjoe_swamp_entry_angry_trees, minivault_11,\cb1 \
\cb3           serial_bayou_shore_a, lemuel_fruit_fields, uniq_amaemon\cb1 \
\cb3 Lair:3:   layout_roguey, hellmonk_spider_entry_not_the_bees,\cb1 \
\cb3           lemuel_fruit_fields, grunt_megastairs_1\cb1 \
\cb3 Lair:4:   layout_hall_layers, nicolae_slime_entry_field_trip\cb1 \
\cb3 Lair:5:   hangedman_lair_caniforms_friends, layout_cave_pods,\cb1 \
\cb3           guppyfry_lair_end_dragon, minmay_shattered_shrine, uniq_snorg\cb1 \
\cb3 Swamp:1:  layout_basic_swamp, evilmike_swamp_ruin_wall, swamp_pool_1_2,\cb1 \
\cb3           nicolae_swamp_oklob_treasure_island\cb1 \
\cb3 Swamp:2:  nicolae_swamp_husk_halls, layout_basic_swamp,\cb1 \
\cb3           evilmike_swamp_ruin_house_5, swamp_pool_5\cb1 \
\cb3 Swamp:3:  layout_basic_swamp, evilmike_swamp_ruin_house_4, swamp_pool_4,\cb1 \
\cb3           hangedman_swamp_cone, grunt_hermit_hut, uniq_aizul\cb1 \
\cb3 Swamp:4:  swamp_basic_johnstein, layout_basic_swamp, infiniplex_staircase_pool\cb1 \
\cb3 Spider:1: layout_spider_delve, uniq_donald, uniq_rupert\cb1 \
\cb3 Spider:2: layout_chambers, nicolae_spider_world_wide_web\cb1 \
\cb3 Spider:3: layout_spider_delve, drop_trap, hellmonk_narrow_tunnel,\cb1 \
\cb3           hangedman_spider_tarantella_strand, uniq_bai_suzhen\cb1 \
\cb3 Spider:4: guppyfry_spider_rune, beargit_elvish_explorers\cb1 \
\cb3 Orc:1:    layout_diamond_mine, basic_altar, bloody_makhleb, uniq_jorgrun\cb1 \
\cb3 Orc:2:    grunt_orc_tribal_feast, layout_caves, serial_shops, shop, shop,\cb1 \
\cb3           special_room\cb1 \
\cb3 Elf:1:    eino_elf_arrival_altar, layout_onion_city,\cb1 \
\cb3           nicolae_elf_theology_debate, minivault_23, not_door_vault_due\cb1 \
\cb3 Elf:2:    elven_hall_of_blades_hangedman_alternative\cb1 \
\cb3           [nicolae_blade_entry_pointy_end], layout_loops_corners,\cb1 \
\cb3           feat_on_display\cb1 \
\cb3 Elf:3:    elf_hall_gauntlet_narrow, layout_geoelf_diagonals, minmay_shop_star\cb1 \
\cb3 Vaults:1: infiniplex_enter_wizlab_glasses, ontoclasm_vaults_pinch,\cb1 \
\cb3           nicolae_vaults_trapezoid_lopsided_2, vaults_room_grid,\cb1 \
\cb3           ontoclasm_vaults_eye, vaults_room_corners,\cb1 \
\cb3           nicolae_vaults_network_star, ontoclasm_vaults_fault, v_misc_19,\cb1 \
\cb3           nicolae_vaults_storage_room_glass, ontoclasm_vaults_ligature,\cb1 \
\cb3           vaults_dpeg_emergency_exit, nicolae_vaults_rhombus_5,\cb1 \
\cb3           nicolae_vaults_angled_halls, v_alt_pattern_4, layout_vaults_omnicross\cb1 \
\cb3 Vaults:2: vaults_room_door_hall, nicolae_vaults_storing_the_good_stuff,\cb1 \
\cb3           layout_vaults_omnigrid\cb1 \
\cb3 Vaults:3: gammafunk_ghost_mausoleum, nicolae_vaults_little_squares_2, v_misc_33,\cb1 \
\cb3           hangedman_vaults_snaps, v_misc_28, nicolae_vaults_prndl,\cb1 \
\cb3           nicolae_vaults_rhombus_5, layout_vaults_chaotic_city,\cb1 \
\cb3           minmay_crypt_entry_simple_corners\cb1 \
\cb3 Vaults:4: nicolae_vaults_network_barrier, nicolae_vaults_alarming,\cb1 \
\cb3           nicolae_vaults_display_case, v_misc_11, v_misc_5, grunt_vaults_swirl,\cb1 \
\cb3           v_alt_pattern_3, v_misc_33, layout_vaults_ring, uniq_zenata\cb1 \
\cb3 Vaults:5\cb1 \
\cb3 Depths:1: layout_gridlike, serial_rivers, chequers_serial_rivers_micro_a,\cb1 \
\cb3           chequers_serial_rivers_room_a, chequers_serial_rivers_micro_c,\cb1 \
\cb3           chequers_serial_rivers_micro_c, chequers_serial_rivers_small_b,\cb1 \
\cb3           chequers_serial_rivers_room_a, hell_entry, serial_shops,\cb1 \
\cb3           nicolae_shop_gibbet_a_chance, fedhas_altar_2, nicolae_the_louvre\cb1 \
\cb3 Depths:2: hangedman_cross_stitches, layout_gridlike, enter_ziggurat_a,\cb1 \
\cb3           pf_coc_iceberg, pan_entry, hangedman_abyss_or_decor_stagger,\cb1 \
\cb3           st_stairs_10, dispersion_dpeg, uniq_sojobo, uniq_boris,\cb1 \
\cb3           uniq_saint_roka, uniq_nikola\cb1 \
\cb3 Depths:3: minmay_spiral_squares, layout_basic, pan_entry,\cb1 \
\cb3           hangedman_abyss_or_decor_passed, hell_entry,\cb1 \
\cb3           abyss_entry_small_statue_room, hellmonk_sif_muna_bookshelves,\cb1 \
\cb3           minmay_staircase_windowed_large\cb1 \
\cb3 Depths:4: grunt_zot_entry_tricorne, layout_twisted_cross, grunt_hell_horde,\cb1 \
\cb3           nicolae_hepliaklqana_hippocampus\cb1 \
\cb3 Zot:1:    layout_basic, regret_index_zotdec_serpentine_coiled\cb1 \
\cb3 Zot:2:    layout_cathedral_of_symmetry\cb1 \
\cb3 Zot:3:    layout_onion_interference, grunt_megastairs_4, uniq_tiamat\cb1 \
\cb3 Zot:4:    layout_basic, regret_index_zotdec_magical_s\cb1 \
\cb3 Zot:5:    layout_misc_corridors, hangedman_zot_decor_slant\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Skill      XL: |  1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 |\cb1 \
\cb3 ---------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----\cb1 \
\cb3 Fighting       |  1     2                 4  6        9 11    12    14          15 17    20 21 23 | 23.3\cb1 \
\cb3 Spellcasting   |  2        3     4           6  7  8     9                         11 12          | 12.6\cb1 \
\cb3 Conjurations   |        4     5        7                          9                               |  9.8\cb1 \
\cb3 Stealth        |        2                                                  3                      |  3.4\cb1 \
\cb3 Alchemy        |                 3  6  7                                                          |  7.3\cb1 \
\cb3 Translocations |                          6                                8        9 11          | 11.8\cb1 \
\cb3 Evocations     |                             1        3        4                 8                |  8.0\cb1 \
\cb3 Dodging        |                             4  9                                  10    11 15    | 15.5\cb1 \
\cb3 Short Blades   |                                2  3                                              |  3.0\cb1 \
\cb3 Armour         |                                   7  9    10                      11 13 14       | 14.6\cb1 \
\cb3 Shields        |                                      3                                           |  3.1\cb1 \
\cb3 Maces & Flails |                                            8  9                                  |  9.8\cb1 \
\cb3 Fire Magic     |                                               7 12 14 17 18                      | 18.6\cb1 \
\cb3 Summonings     |                                                           9 13 17                | 17.0\cb1 \
\cb3 Hexes          |                                                              7                   |  7.0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Action                     |  1- 3 |  4- 6 |  7- 9 | 10-12 | 13-15 | 16-18 | 19-21 | 22-24 | 25-27 || total\cb1 \
\cb3 ---------------------------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------++-------\cb1 \
\cb3   Melee: Hand axe          |     1 |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       ||     1\cb1 \
\cb3          Short sword       |    22 |    30 |    28 |       |       |       |       |       |       ||    80\cb1 \
\cb3          Dagger            |    20 |    28 |    32 |   296 |    77 |       |       |       |       ||   453\cb1 \
\cb3          Whip              |       |       |     2 |    31 |       |       |       |       |       ||    33\cb1 \
\cb3          Demon whip        |       |       |       |       |   216 |   685 |  1233 |   890 |   630 ||  3654\cb1 \
\cb3          Unarmed           |       |       |       |       |       |     1 |       |       |       ||     1\cb1 \
\cb3          Staff             |       |       |       |       |       |       |    32 |       |       ||    32\cb1 \
\cb3   Throw: Dart              |       |       |     1 |     4 |    30 |     5 |     5 |     2 |       ||    47\cb1 \
\cb3          Throwing net      |       |       |     1 |       |       |       |       |     1 |       ||     2\cb1 \
\cb3          Javelin           |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     1 |     2 ||     3\cb1 \
\cb3    Cast: Magic Dart        |    54 |    67 |   105 |    94 |    82 |       |       |       |       ||   402\cb1 \
\cb3          Searing Ray       |     4 |    17 |    51 |    87 |    42 |     1 |       |       |       ||   202\cb1 \
\cb3          Fulminant Prism   |       |       |    13 |    59 |   115 |    72 |     1 |       |       ||   260\cb1 \
\cb3          Iskenderun's Myst |       |       |     7 |    92 |   249 |   164 |    36 |       |       ||   548\cb1 \
\cb3          Starburst         |       |       |       |       |       |   295 |   116 |       |       ||   411\cb1 \
\cb3          Blink             |       |       |       |       |       |     1 |     2 |    11 |     4 ||    18\cb1 \
\cb3          Ignition          |       |       |       |       |       |       |   160 |   120 |    70 ||   350\cb1 \
\cb3          Summon Mana Viper |       |       |       |       |       |       |    36 |    28 |       ||    64\cb1 \
\cb3          Summon Forest     |       |       |       |       |       |       |     3 |     3 |       ||     6\cb1 \
\cb3          Summon Cactus Gia |       |       |       |       |       |       |     2 |    47 |    13 ||    62\cb1 \
\cb3          Summon Hydra      |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |   164 |   220 ||   384\cb1 \
\cb3          Apportation       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |    16 |     7 ||    23\cb1 \
\cb3          Passage of Golubr |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |    10 |    28 ||    38\cb1 \
\cb3          Malign Gateway    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     2 |    21 ||    23\cb1 \
\cb3          Dispersal         |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |    14 ||    14\cb1 \
\cb3  Invoke: Curse Item        |       |       |     3 |     3 |     4 |       |       |     2 |     1 ||    13\cb1 \
\cb3          Shatter the Chain |       |       |       |     3 |     1 |     1 |       |       |     1 ||     6\cb1 \
\cb3 Ability: Invent Gizmo      |       |       |       |       |     1 |       |       |       |       ||     1\cb1 \
\cb3   Evoke: Wand              |       |       |     4 |     9 |     1 |    18 |     8 |     8 |    14 ||    62\cb1 \
\cb3          Phantom mirror    |       |       |       |       |     2 |       |     1 |     3 |     1 ||     7\cb1 \
\cb3          Gell's gravitambo |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     2 ||     2\cb1 \
\cb3          Box of beasts     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |     1 ||     1\cb1 \
\cb3     Use: Scroll            |       |     2 |     7 |    13 |     3 |    12 |    15 |    16 |    10 ||    78\cb1 \
\cb3          Potion            |       |     1 |       |     7 |     4 |    13 |     6 |    10 |    16 ||    57\cb1 \
\cb3    Stab: Held in net/web   |       |       |     1 |       |       |       |       |       |       ||     1\cb1 \
\cb3          Invisible         |       |       |       |     1 |     1 |       |       |       |       ||     2\cb1 \
\cb3          Sleeping          |       |       |       |       |     1 |     3 |     1 |     1 |     3 ||     9\cb1 \
\cb3          Paralysed         |       |       |       |       |       |    12 |       |       |       ||    12\cb1 \
\cb3          Distracted        |       |       |       |       |       |       |     6 |    21 |    22 ||    49\cb1 \
\cb3  Armour: Robe              |    18 |    26 |    94 |   286 |       |       |       |       |       ||   424\cb1 \
\cb3          Ring mail         |       |       |       |    79 |   347 |   423 |       |   505 |   867 ||  2221\cb1 \
\cb3          Swamp dragon scal |       |       |       |       |       |   303 |  1071 |   459 |       ||  1833\cb1 \
\cb3   Dodge: Dodged            |    21 |    21 |    80 |   304 |   377 |   423 |   567 |   483 |   386 ||  2662\cb1 \
\cb3   Block: Buckler           |       |       |       |    64 |   140 |   161 |   239 |   188 |   133 ||   925\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Table legend: (Time is in decaauts)\cb1 \
\cb3  A = Elapsed time spent in this place.\cb1 \
\cb3  B = Non-inter-level travel time spent in this place.\cb1 \
\cb3  C = Inter-level travel time spent in this place.\cb1 \
\cb3  D = Time resting spent in this place.\cb1 \
\cb3  E = Time spent auto-exploring this place.\cb1 \
\cb3  F = Levels seen in this place.\cb1 \
\cb3  G = Mean time per level.\cb1 \
\cb3                    A        B        C        D        E      F       G\cb1 \
\cb3                +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+\cb1 \
\cb3          Total |  82247 |  75073 |   7174 |  14417 |  43120 |  50 | 1644.9 |\cb1 \
\cb3        Dungeon |  25809 |  22430 |   3379 |   4243 |  14374 |  15 | 1720.6 |\cb1 \
\cb3         Temple |     35 |     21 |     14 |      0 |      0 |   1 |   35.0 |\cb1 \
\cb3           Lair |  14617 |  13429 |   1188 |   3637 |   7347 |   5 | 2923.4 |\cb1 \
\cb3          Swamp |   5073 |   4901 |    172 |    579 |   3394 |   4 | 1268.2 |\cb1 \
\cb3    Spider Nest |   4870 |   4651 |    219 |    475 |   3097 |   4 | 1217.5 |\cb1 \
\cb3   Orcish Mines |   2051 |   1629 |    422 |    177 |    938 |   2 | 1025.5 |\cb1 \
\cb3    Elven Halls |   5914 |   5587 |    327 |   1018 |   3220 |   3 | 1971.3 |\cb1 \
\cb3         Vaults |   9441 |   8515 |    926 |   1774 |   4034 |   5 | 1888.2 |\cb1 \
\cb3         Depths |   6019 |   5820 |    199 |    611 |   3472 |   4 | 1504.8 |\cb1 \
\cb3            Zot |   7785 |   7460 |    325 |   1829 |   3223 |   5 | 1557.0 |\cb1 \
\cb3          Abyss |    588 |    588 |      0 |     73 |      0 |   1 |  588.0 |\cb1 \
\cb3         Wizlab |     37 |     37 |      0 |      0 |     19 |   1 |   37.0 |\cb1 \
\cb3                +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Top non-repeatable levels by time:\cb1 \
\cb3     D:11: 3907 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3   Lair:5: 3478 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3   Lair:2: 3359 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3      D:9: 2994 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3   Lair:4: 2718 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3   Lair:1: 2664 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3 Vaults:4: 2659 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3   Lair:3: 2397 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3 Depths:3: 2341 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3 Vaults:3: 2144 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3    Elf:2: 2138 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3    Zot:5: 2024 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3    Zot:2: 2022 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3    Elf:3: 1926 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3      D:7: 1908 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Levels and vault maps discovered:\cb1 \
\cb3 D:1:      dpeg_arrival_shrine, layout_basic, hellmonk_ecumenical_altar_blasted,\cb1 \
\cb3           dreamdust_mushroom_princess\cb1 \
\cb3 D:2:      minmay_inner_zag, layout_loops_corners, serial_bayou_crossing,\cb1 \
\cb3           uniq_sigmund\cb1 \
\cb3 D:3:      layout_rooms, grunt_decor_fettered, uniq_natasha\cb1 \
\cb3 D:4:      layout_loops_ring, nicolae_tso_besieged_by_evil, serial_shops,\cb1 \
\cb3           shop_statue, nicolae_shop_fire_sale [nicolae_sub_dead_trees]\cb1 \
\cb3 D:5:      layout_loops_ring, uniq_grinder\cb1 \
\cb3 D:6:      layout_basic, kennysheep_slug_shrine, temple_doors_cd\cb1 \
\cb3 D:7:      layout_basic, mainiacjoe_overflow_small_starburst, serial_shops,\cb1 \
\cb3           kennysheep_little_box, nicolae_shop_temple_entry_statues_fountains\cb1 \
\cb3 D:8:      layout_cave_pools\cb1 \
\cb3 D:9:      layout_roguey, nicolae_overflow_hallway_of_the_gods,\cb1 \
\cb3           gammafunk_temple_overflow_pools, david_orc_4, serial_ice,\cb1 \
\cb3           serial_ice_g, serial_ice_m, serial_ice_j, serial_ice_f\cb1 \
\cb3 D:10:     layout_loops_ring, serial_ice, serial_ice_k, serial_ice_a,\cb1 \
\cb3           serial_ice_c, serial_ice_h\cb1 \
\cb3 D:11:     lemuel_ogre_cave, layout_basic, grunt_lair_entry_orc_guard_hut,\cb1 \
\cb3           ebering_ghost_reflecting_pool, uniq_urug\cb1 \
\cb3 D:12:     layout_loops_ring, serial_glass, glass_columns_b, glass_columns_b,\cb1 \
\cb3           chequers_arboretum, uniq_erolcha\cb1 \
\cb3 D:13:     layout_rooms, nicolae_trove_entry_crystal, serial_shops, shop,\cb1 \
\cb3           kennysheep_generic_room_11\cb1 \
\cb3 D:14:     layout_basic, david_vaults_2, minmay_holes, roderic_batcave,\cb1 \
\cb3           nicolae_shop_i_like_small_books_too, uniq_nessos\cb1 \
\cb3 D:15:     hangedman_depths_entry_try_elsewhere_first, layout_loops_corners,\cb1 \
\cb3           bloody_trog, minivault_25, grunt_qazlal_sundering\cb1 \
\cb3 Temple:   nicolae_temple_colour_theory\cb1 \
\cb3 Lair:1:   layout_roguey, uniq_joseph\cb1 \
\cb3 Lair:2:   layout_regular_city, mainiacjoe_swamp_entry_angry_trees, minivault_11,\cb1 \
\cb3           serial_bayou_shore_a, lemuel_fruit_fields, uniq_amaemon\cb1 \
\cb3 Lair:3:   layout_roguey, hellmonk_spider_entry_not_the_bees,\cb1 \
\cb3           lemuel_fruit_fields, grunt_megastairs_1\cb1 \
\cb3 Lair:4:   layout_hall_layers, nicolae_slime_entry_field_trip\cb1 \
\cb3 Lair:5:   hangedman_lair_caniforms_friends, layout_cave_pods,\cb1 \
\cb3           guppyfry_lair_end_dragon, minmay_shattered_shrine, uniq_snorg\cb1 \
\cb3 Swamp:1:  layout_basic_swamp, evilmike_swamp_ruin_wall, swamp_pool_1_2,\cb1 \
\cb3           nicolae_swamp_oklob_treasure_island\cb1 \
\cb3 Swamp:2:  nicolae_swamp_husk_halls, layout_basic_swamp,\cb1 \
\cb3           evilmike_swamp_ruin_house_5, swamp_pool_5\cb1 \
\cb3 Swamp:3:  layout_basic_swamp, evilmike_swamp_ruin_house_4, swamp_pool_4,\cb1 \
\cb3           hangedman_swamp_cone, grunt_hermit_hut, uniq_aizul\cb1 \
\cb3 Swamp:4:  swamp_basic_johnstein, layout_basic_swamp, infiniplex_staircase_pool\cb1 \
\cb3 Spider:1: layout_spider_delve, uniq_donald, uniq_rupert\cb1 \
\cb3 Spider:2: layout_chambers, nicolae_spider_world_wide_web\cb1 \
\cb3 Spider:3: layout_spider_delve, drop_trap, hellmonk_narrow_tunnel,\cb1 \
\cb3           hangedman_spider_tarantella_strand, uniq_bai_suzhen\cb1 \
\cb3 Spider:4: guppyfry_spider_rune, beargit_elvish_explorers\cb1 \
\cb3 Orc:1:    layout_diamond_mine, basic_altar, bloody_makhleb, uniq_jorgrun\cb1 \
\cb3 Orc:2:    grunt_orc_tribal_feast, layout_caves, serial_shops, shop, shop,\cb1 \
\cb3           special_room\cb1 \
\cb3 Elf:1:    eino_elf_arrival_altar, layout_onion_city,\cb1 \
\cb3           nicolae_elf_theology_debate, minivault_23, not_door_vault_due\cb1 \
\cb3 Elf:2:    elven_hall_of_blades_hangedman_alternative\cb1 \
\cb3           [nicolae_blade_entry_pointy_end], layout_loops_corners,\cb1 \
\cb3           feat_on_display\cb1 \
\cb3 Elf:3:    elf_hall_gauntlet_narrow, layout_geoelf_diagonals, minmay_shop_star\cb1 \
\cb3 Vaults:1: infiniplex_enter_wizlab_glasses, ontoclasm_vaults_pinch,\cb1 \
\cb3           nicolae_vaults_trapezoid_lopsided_2, vaults_room_grid,\cb1 \
\cb3           ontoclasm_vaults_eye, vaults_room_corners,\cb1 \
\cb3           nicolae_vaults_network_star, ontoclasm_vaults_fault, v_misc_19,\cb1 \
\cb3           nicolae_vaults_storage_room_glass, ontoclasm_vaults_ligature,\cb1 \
\cb3           vaults_dpeg_emergency_exit, nicolae_vaults_rhombus_5,\cb1 \
\cb3           nicolae_vaults_angled_halls, v_alt_pattern_4, layout_vaults_omnicross\cb1 \
\cb3 Vaults:2: vaults_room_door_hall, nicolae_vaults_storing_the_good_stuff,\cb1 \
\cb3           layout_vaults_omnigrid\cb1 \
\cb3 Vaults:3: gammafunk_ghost_mausoleum, nicolae_vaults_little_squares_2, v_misc_33,\cb1 \
\cb3           hangedman_vaults_snaps, v_misc_28, nicolae_vaults_prndl,\cb1 \
\cb3           nicolae_vaults_rhombus_5, layout_vaults_chaotic_city,\cb1 \
\cb3           minmay_crypt_entry_simple_corners\cb1 \
\cb3 Vaults:4: nicolae_vaults_network_barrier, nicolae_vaults_alarming,\cb1 \
\cb3           nicolae_vaults_display_case, v_misc_11, v_misc_5, grunt_vaults_swirl,\cb1 \
\cb3           v_alt_pattern_3, v_misc_33, layout_vaults_ring, uniq_zenata\cb1 \
\cb3 Vaults:5\cb1 \
\cb3 Depths:1: layout_gridlike, serial_rivers, chequers_serial_rivers_micro_a,\cb1 \
\cb3           chequers_serial_rivers_room_a, chequers_serial_rivers_micro_c,\cb1 \
\cb3           chequers_serial_rivers_micro_c, chequers_serial_rivers_small_b,\cb1 \
\cb3           chequers_serial_rivers_room_a, hell_entry, serial_shops,\cb1 \
\cb3           nicolae_shop_gibbet_a_chance, fedhas_altar_2, nicolae_the_louvre\cb1 \
\cb3 Depths:2: hangedman_cross_stitches, layout_gridlike, enter_ziggurat_a,\cb1 \
\cb3           pf_coc_iceberg, pan_entry, hangedman_abyss_or_decor_stagger,\cb1 \
\cb3           st_stairs_10, dispersion_dpeg, uniq_sojobo, uniq_boris,\cb1 \
\cb3           uniq_saint_roka, uniq_nikola\cb1 \
\cb3 Depths:3: minmay_spiral_squares, layout_basic, pan_entry,\cb1 \
\cb3           hangedman_abyss_or_decor_passed, hell_entry,\cb1 \
\cb3           abyss_entry_small_statue_room, hellmonk_sif_muna_bookshelves,\cb1 \
\cb3           minmay_staircase_windowed_large\cb1 \
\cb3 Depths:4: grunt_zot_entry_tricorne, layout_twisted_cross, grunt_hell_horde,\cb1 \
\cb3           nicolae_hepliaklqana_hippocampus\cb1 \
\cb3 Zot:1:    layout_basic, regret_index_zotdec_serpentine_coiled\cb1 \
\cb3 Zot:2:    layout_cathedral_of_symmetry\cb1 \
\cb3 Zot:3:    layout_onion_interference, grunt_megastairs_4, uniq_tiamat\cb1 \
\cb3 Zot:4:    layout_basic, regret_index_zotdec_magical_s\cb1 \
\cb3 Zot:5:    layout_misc_corridors, hangedman_zot_decor_slant\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Table legend: (Time is in decaauts)\cb1 \
\cb3  A = Elapsed time spent in this place.\cb1 \
\cb3  B = Non-inter-level travel time spent in this place.\cb1 \
\cb3  C = Inter-level travel time spent in this place.\cb1 \
\cb3  D = Time resting spent in this place.\cb1 \
\cb3  E = Time spent auto-exploring this place.\cb1 \
\cb3  F = Levels seen in this place.\cb1 \
\cb3  G = Mean time per level.\cb1 \
\cb3                    A        B        C        D        E      F       G\cb1 \
\cb3                +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+\cb1 \
\cb3          Total |  82247 |  75073 |   7174 |  14417 |  43120 |  50 | 1644.9 |\cb1 \
\cb3        Dungeon |  25809 |  22430 |   3379 |   4243 |  14374 |  15 | 1720.6 |\cb1 \
\cb3         Temple |     35 |     21 |     14 |      0 |      0 |   1 |   35.0 |\cb1 \
\cb3           Lair |  14617 |  13429 |   1188 |   3637 |   7347 |   5 | 2923.4 |\cb1 \
\cb3          Swamp |   5073 |   4901 |    172 |    579 |   3394 |   4 | 1268.2 |\cb1 \
\cb3    Spider Nest |   4870 |   4651 |    219 |    475 |   3097 |   4 | 1217.5 |\cb1 \
\cb3   Orcish Mines |   2051 |   1629 |    422 |    177 |    938 |   2 | 1025.5 |\cb1 \
\cb3    Elven Halls |   5914 |   5587 |    327 |   1018 |   3220 |   3 | 1971.3 |\cb1 \
\cb3         Vaults |   9441 |   8515 |    926 |   1774 |   4034 |   5 | 1888.2 |\cb1 \
\cb3         Depths |   6019 |   5820 |    199 |    611 |   3472 |   4 | 1504.8 |\cb1 \
\cb3            Zot |   7785 |   7460 |    325 |   1829 |   3223 |   5 | 1557.0 |\cb1 \
\cb3          Abyss |    588 |    588 |      0 |     73 |      0 |   1 |  588.0 |\cb1 \
\cb3         Wizlab |     37 |     37 |      0 |      0 |     19 |   1 |   37.0 |\cb1 \
\cb3                +--------+--------+--------+--------+--------+-----+--------+\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Top non-repeatable levels by time:\cb1 \
\cb3     D:11: 3907 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3   Lair:5: 3478 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3   Lair:2: 3359 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3      D:9: 2994 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3   Lair:4: 2718 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3   Lair:1: 2664 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3 Vaults:4: 2659 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3   Lair:3: 2397 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3 Depths:3: 2341 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3 Vaults:3: 2144 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3    Elf:2: 2138 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3    Zot:5: 2024 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3    Zot:2: 2022 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3    Elf:3: 1926 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3      D:7: 1908 daAuts\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Table legend:\cb1 \
\cb3  A = Kills in this place as a percentage of kills in the entire game.\cb1 \
\cb3  B = Kills by you in this place as a percentage of kills by you in\cb1 \
\cb3      the entire game.\cb1 \
\cb3  C = Kills by friends in this place as a percentage of kills by\cb1 \
\cb3      friends in the entire game.\cb1 \
\cb3  D = Other kills in this place as a percentage of other kills in the\cb1 \
\cb3      entire game.\cb1 \
\cb3  E = Experience gained in this place as a percentage of experience\cb1 \
\cb3      gained in the entire game.\cb1 \
\cb3  F = Experience gained in this place divided by the number of levels of\cb1 \
\cb3      this place that you have seen.\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3                    A       B       C       D       E               F\cb1 \
\cb3                +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+----------------------\cb1 \
\cb3          Total | 100.0 | 100.0 | 100.0 | 100.0 | 100.0 |       26124.7\cb1 \
\cb3        Dungeon |  19.4 |  22.3 |   3.1 |  20.0 |   6.5 |        5664.9\cb1 \
\cb3           Lair |  11.5 |  13.6 |   0.0 |   0.0 |   5.5 |       14480.0\cb1 \
\cb3          Swamp |   6.5 |   7.6 |   0.0 |  20.0 |   5.6 |       18427.2\cb1 \
\cb3    Spider Nest |  13.8 |  13.5 |  16.0 |   0.0 |  10.2 |       33298.2\cb1 \
\cb3   Orcish Mines |   3.5 |   4.2 |   0.0 |   0.0 |   1.4 |        8919.5\cb1 \
\cb3    Elven Halls |   7.2 |   7.5 |   5.3 |  10.0 |   8.8 |       38238.7\cb1 \
\cb3         Vaults |  14.1 |  14.7 |  11.0 |   0.0 |  18.5 |       48304.0\cb1 \
\cb3         Depths |  12.1 |   9.3 |  27.0 |  40.0 |  17.7 |       57712.8\cb1 \
\cb3            Zot |  10.5 |   5.7 |  37.4 |  10.0 |  25.0 |       65392.4\cb1 \
\cb3          Abyss |   1.4 |   1.7 |   0.0 |   0.0 |   0.8 |       10072.0\cb1 \
\cb3                +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+----------------------\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 \'a0\
}